 Toeru takes a test so she can enter the same high school as Run, the girl she likes. She passes, but when she goes   to tell Run, she finds her hugging a girl she’s never seen before.
 Toeru takes a test so she can enter the same high school as Run, the girl she likes. She passes, but when she goes   to tell Run, she finds her hugging a girl she’s never seen before.
 Toeru takes a test so she can enter the same high school as Run, the girl she likes. She passes, but when she goes   to tell Run, she finds her hugging a girl she’s never seen before.
 A Day Before Us is an animated Korean drama of a special and sweet love story of the following four main characters; Yeo Reum, Ha Eun, Kim Wook, and Yeon Woo.
 "Ken always disguised herself as a man. She was totally confused about why she got entangled with that man. Prince Milton

 After being cheated on by her boyfriend, Estrella, as a rookie, joined a video game club and accidentally ran into five wealthy young players and a video game teacher. Will they spoil or tease this lovely assistant?
 Momo is a young girl who grew up in a big city. However, following the premature loss of her father, she has to move with her mother to the old family house on a remote island. Here, time seems to have stopped
 Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy and her friend Salt and Pepper want to become official Season Fairies who have ability to make wind blow, snow fall, sun shine and something related with weather, they use their special instruments to create and control weather....Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy and her friend Salt and Pepper want to become official Season Fairies who have ability to make wind blow, snow fall, sun shine and something related with weather, they use their special instruments to create and control weather. And just have only one way to become Season Fairies this is to find out the “Twinkles” which will make the magical flowers bloom. But none of them don’t know what a Twinkles is. Having a human girl name is Saga who can see Season Fairy. Saga help Sugar and her friend search for mysterious Twinkles and while trying to perfect their magic.
 Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic.
 This is a two-year-old boy and alternative monster love to kill each other blood-soaked story. Boy, you just keep fighting and winning. It doesn't matter if you're an eight-armed monk or a pink skull. Is it the evil dragon with three eyes, or the grave lady with ten thousand years. I'll kill you with my sword, or I'll kill you with my cunt! Kill the demons and destroy the world. This is... who we are.
 Constellations were created thousands years ago and they have been handed down generation after generation up to now. This show focuses on this great fact. In the show, you will see instruction on constellations and movement of the sun, moon and planets against constellations. An associated story from Greek myths is provided with beautiful CG including the tale of Astraea, the goddess of justice, who is closely related to the constellation Libra.
 Once through, but because of a bowl of heart blood almost killed! More helpless painful is, Cheat men who play with women's feelings and bully her with bad women, abuse her body and heart, still delusion makes her become medicine person to bad woman cure. Hateful, the tiger does not put on a show, really Thought I was a cat ! To cheat and play with women's feelings of the man, abuse of the bad woman, step by step to let them knowHow good I am. But...... What the matter is this king who climbs out of bed every night?"
 Palme is a puppet created by a man to care for his sickly wife. After her death Palme becomes paralyzed with sorrow, that is, until a woman being pursed happens to cross paths with Palme and his creator and ask them to deliver something precious to a sacred place called Tama. Palme, mistaking her for his masters late wife, accepts the request. This becomes his first step to becoming more human in order to understand his own feelings.

 The Apocalypse didn't come with a BANG. Silently, the amnesia wind swept away all of mankind's knowledge. Thousands of years of human civilization vanished overnight as people forgot how to use the tools of modern civilization - who they were - how to speak - everything.Technology decayed as mankind was instantly reduced to level of cavemen.Now, two years later, a young man explores a nation reduced to barbarism - America. Miraculously re-educated after the cataclysm, he is accompanied by a young woman- somehow spared the obliterating effects of the amnesia wind. Pursued by a relentless killing machine, they search for those responsible for stealing their memories.
 It happened quite suddenly, with no warning - all the memories of all the people on Earth, swept away as if by a sudden wind. In a post-catastrophic Earth populated mostly by savages without memories of their past civilisation, one man travels on a journey of enlightenment and hope, across a devastated America.
 A new episode included with the complete Blu-ray box collection of A-Channel.
 High-school student Mariko and her elder sister Mayu are forced out of their apartment by a fire and move in with their landlord. Mariko meets the landlord's handsome son, Natsume, who is also a model. They fall in love but break up when Mariko discovers that Natsume is seeing other girls. Eventually, they are reunited, and the end credits roll.A-Girl has no dialog and is performed against a background of Japanese pop songs composed by Okada Tooru and sung in English! by SEIKA. Intertiles provide continuity, like in old silent films.
 Set a few years before Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040, A.D. Police chronicles the tales of Mega-Tokyo's special police division designed to control rogue Boomers in the city. A.D. Police Officer Kenji Sasaki faces a major dilemna
 Set a few years before Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040, A.D. Police chronicles the tales of Mega-Tokyo's special police division designed to control rogue Boomers in the city. A.D. Police Officer Kenji Sasaki faces a major dilemma
 Set a few years before Bubblegum Crisis Tokyo 2040, A.D. Police chronicles the tales of Mega-Tokyo's special police division designed to control rogue Boomers in the city. A.D. Police Officer Kenji Sasaki faces a major dilemma
 Set in the near future in Japan, year 2035. A major incident was known as "Burst" which was caused by researching artificial life. A certain AI called "Matter" has eroded the Kurobe Gorge. Entering the research city, which has been called as humanity's last hope, has been prohibited by the government. Two years later, Aiko Tachibana, a 15-year-old girl who lost her family from the incident, was told by a transfer student named Yuuya Kanzaki the truth that Aiko didn't know regarding a secret hidden within her body. The key to solve the mystery is said to be in the Primary Point, the center of Burst. When a boy and a girl, who bears the future of humanity, meet, what will be the new truth?
 Set in the near future in Japan, year 2035. A major incident was known as "Burst" which was caused by researching artificial life. A certain AI called "Matter" has eroded the Kurobe Gorge. Entering the research city, which has been called as humanity's last hope, has been prohibited by the government.Two years later, Aiko Tachibana, a 15-year-old girl who lost her family from the incident, was told by a transfer student named Yuuya Kanzaki the truth that Aiko didn't know regarding a secret hidden within her body. The key to solve the mystery is said to be in the Primary Point, the center of Burst. When a boy and a girl, who bears the future of humanity, meet, what will be the new truth?
 In the year 2000, Alice Hayashi wins a trip to the moon in a sweepstake. However, when her shuttle launches, something goes terribly wrong, and the next thing she knows, she has crashed somewhere in a frozen wasteland. Before she can get her bearings, strange soldiers begin to attack her, forcing her to flee.Eventually, Alice meets a young man called Yuan, who tells her that she is in Lapland in the year 2030. The soldiers pursuing her belong to Nero, an enigmatic leader who controls the world through his supercomputer. He is also responsible for reducing the Earth's population by over seven billion. Convinced that Nero has something to do with her time jump, Alice, Yuan, and the android maid Maria journey to Kingdom, the shadowy fortress that Nero rules from.
 In the year 2000, Alice Hayashi wins a trip to the moon in a sweepstake. However, when her shuttle launches, something goes terribly wrong, and the next thing she knows, she has crashed somewhere in a frozen wasteland. Before she can get her bearings, strange soldiers begin to attack her, forcing her to flee.Eventually, Alice meets a young man called Yuan, who tells her that she is in Lapland in the year 2030. The soldiers pursuing her belong to Nero, an enigmatic leader who controls the world through his supercomputer. He is also responsible for reducing the Earth's population by over seven billion. Convinced that Nero has something to do with her time jump, Alice, Yuan, and the android maid Maria journey to Kingdom, the shadowy fortress that Nero rules from.
 "Director! Please help us bloom!"In Tokyo, there is a place called Velude Way. It is a district notorious for its performers and theatrical groups. Izumi Tachibana, who was previously a stage actress, arrives with a letter that reads, "Full of debt! Zero customers! Only one actor!" It describes the current state of the once-popular theater group Mankai Company. Her task is to rebuild the company to its former glory as the new owner and chief director.
 With the completion of the Summer Troupe's show, Izumi Tachibana must now recruit five members for the next sub-troupe, the Autumn Troupe. Luckily, enough people arrive at the audition
 "Director! Please help us bloom!"In Tokyo, there is a place called Velude Way. It is a district notorious for its performers and theatrical groups. Izumi Tachibana, who was previously a stage actress, arrives with a letter that reads, "Full of debt! Zero customers! Only one actor!" It describes the current state of the once-popular theater group Mankai Company. Her task is to rebuild the company to its former glory as the new owner and chief director.
 "Director! Please help us bloom!"In Tokyo, there is a place called Velude Way. It is a district notorious for its performers and theatrical groups. Izumi Tachibana, who was previously a stage actress, arrives with a letter that reads, "Full of debt! Zero customers! Only one actor!" It describes the current state of the once-popular theater group Mankai Company. Her task is to rebuild the company to its former glory as the new owner and chief director.
 When Harimanada makes his grand entrance into the world of Sumo, he causes complete uproar throughout the entire arena. The novelty headmask is clearly not a good idea but not content with just ruffling the feathers of all the spectators, he sends the the entire Sumo Association into a frenzy when he arrogantly declares that he will surpass the legendary Futabayama's consecutive run of 69 victories. Should he fail to achieve such a feat, he will immediately retire all together.Harimanada's impudent remarks cause a huge backlash as every high-ranking Yokuzuna wants the chance to knock him down and humiliate him for showing such arrogance.Thus begins Harimanada's journey to the top as he battles to topple the entire Sumo hierarchy!
 When college student Keiichi Morisato dials the wrong number while ordering for some food at his dormitory, he accidentally gets connected to the Goddess Hotline and a beautiful goddess named Belldandy appears out of a mirror in front of him. After getting kicked out of the dorm, Keiichi and Belldandy move to an old shrine and soon afterwards, Belldandy's sisters Urd and Skuld move in.
 When college student Keiichi Morisato dials the wrong number while ordering for some food at his dormitory, he accidentally gets connected to the Goddess Hotline and a beautiful goddess named Belldandy appears out of a mirror in front of him. After getting kicked out of the dorm, Keiichi and Belldandy move to an old shrine and soon afterwards, Belldandy's sisters Urd and Skuld move in.
 In a world where humans can have their wish granted via the Goddess Help Hotline, a human, Keiichi Morisato, summons the Goddess Belldandy by accident and jokes that she should stay with him forever. Unfortunately for him, his "wish" is granted.Suddenly, Keiichi is now living with this gorgeous woman all alone, causing him to be kicked out of the all-male dormitory he was staying in. But soon, after they find lodging in a Buddhist temple, Keiichi and Belldandy's relationship begins to blossom. Although they are both awkward and rather uncomfortable with one another at first, what awaits these two strangers could turn out to be an unexpected romance.
 Due to the recent events that happened on the last episodes of the season, the Goddess have some stability problems with their body systems. The always adult looking Urd becomes a little girl and has a fateful encounter with a boy, whereas little Skuld becomes an adult and wants to experiment adulthood together with Keiichi.
 An Angel Eater has been freed in Heaven. Since Goddesses and Angels share body and soul, losing your angel results in going into shock for the Goddess. Lind goes to Earth to protect Belldandy and the others unknowing that it is a trap.
 A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat.
 A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat.
 In the future, all energy sources are depleted, except human excrements. To reward production, people receive addictive, Popsicle-like Juicybars. Aachi and Ssipak are street hoodlums who struggle to survive by trading black market Juicybars. Through a chain of events involving their porn-director acquaintance Jimmy the Freak, they meet wannabe-actress Beautiful, whose defecations are rewarded by exceptional quantities of Juicybars. For that reason, Beautiful is also wanted by the violent blue mutants known as the Diaper Gang (led by the Diaper King), the police (most notably the cyborg police officer Geko), and others.
 Aachi and Ssipak are two likable street hoodlums who scrape by stealing and selling "Juicybars," highly addictive blue popsicles distributed by the government in exchange for human excrement, the only usable fuel in Shibal, a dystopian, futuristic, post-apocalyptic city.Aachi and Ssipak hook up with "Beautiful," a blue-haired, wannabe-actress with a lucrative knack for making the Juicybars pile up. Aachi, the entrepreneur, exploits her special talent and Ssipak, the romantic, falls in love with her. Rich in Juicybars, the threesome go on a rock star tear-up that makes them a target. They are pursued relentlessly by both the Diaper Gang, an army of violent blue mutants led by the Diaper King, and the police.AACHI AND SSIPAK is a crazy, high-octane story driven by a contemporary dubstep soundtrack by Mad Decent with some of the most mind-blowing action scenes ever to be animated.
 Based on the sports manga series written and illustrated by Chiba Tetsuya about sumo wrestling.The story follows Sakaguchi Matsutarou, a giant roughneck man with strength far beyond ordinary people. He never uttered words like work hard, strive, and dream like the typical shounen manga protagonist. However, he is stronger than anyone and peerless in sumo wrestling. His greatest weakness is his own carefree personality. He grows into a full-fledged sumo wrestler.
 ABCiee is a bit klutzy and ditsy, but he's full of spunk and he starts his dream job at a TV station! This is a work comedy filled with all kinds of hijinks! "I never knew it was so hard working at a TV station, ciee!" Despite having to face the unknown rules of the TV business, unique coworkers, and guest stars who have very particular quirks, ABCiee takes them head on with his positivity. Work, love, family, whatever goes!! Please watch over ABCiee as he takes on the TV business.
 History of the most venomous tongue after chu yan encounter through and come spoonful lanling king, chu yan
 Childhood friends Arumi and Sasshi are residents of the Abenobashi commercial district in Abeno-ku, Osaka. After an accident, they find themselves transported to an alternate sword and sorcery world. Their attempt to get back to reality finds them traversing a series of nonsensical worlds built on science fiction, war, fantasy, dating sim games and American movies. Each alternate Abenobashi is a surreal manifestation of Sasshi's otaku interests, populated by analogs of the protagonist's relatives and acquaintances and a blue-haired stranger known as Eutus.
 After losing a loved one, Tooru Kokonoe enrolls at Kouryou Academy so as to gain a "Blaze," a weapon that is his soul manifestation, for the sake of revenge. He was expecting a weapon... What he got was a shield... How is he to seek revenge with something that isn't even a weapon?!
 Computer-animated gag shorts about two female agents.
 The kingdom of Dowa, which is subdivided into 13 states, is celebrating its monarch's 99th birthday. These 13 states have many agencies that are controlled by the giant organization known as ACCA. Within ACCA, Jean Otis is the second-in-command of the inspection agency. His agency has ten people placed in each of the 13 states, with a central office in the capital city. They keep track of all the activities of ACCA across the kingdom, and keep data on each state's ACCA office flowing toward the central office. Jean also often has business trips from the capital to the other districts to check on the situation and personnel there.
 The kingdom of Dowa, which is subdivided into 13 states, is celebrating its monarch's 99th birthday. These 13 states have many agencies that are controlled by the giant organization known as ACCA. Within ACCA, Jean Otus is the second-in-command of the inspection agency. His agency has ten people placed in each of the 13 states, with a central office in the capital city. They keep track of all the activities of ACCA across the kingdom, and keep data on each state's ACCA office flowing toward the central office. Jean also often has business trips from the capital to the other districts to check on the situation and personnel there.(Source
 One autumn day in 2046, Haruyuki has an encounter with Kuroyukihime, the prettiest girl in his school. For the middle school boy who is often bullied, the meeting changes his life. Through a mysterious piece of software from her, Haruyuki learns of the existence of the virtual Accel World. In that moment, the lowest of the “school caste” becomes “Burst Linker”, a knight defending a princess.
 The year is 2046. Haruyuki Arita is a young boy who finds himself on the lowest social rungs of his school. Ashamed of his miserable life, Haruyuki can only cope by indulging in virtual games. But that all changes when Kuroyukihime, the most popular girl in school, introduces him to a mysterious program called Brain Burst and a virtual reality called the Accel World.
 One autumn day in 2046, Haruyuki has an encounter with Kuroyukihime, the prettiest girl in his school. For the middle school boy who is often bullied, the meeting changes his life. Through a mysterious piece of software from her, Haruyuki learns of the existence of the virtual Accel World. In that moment, the lowest of the “school caste” becomes “Burst Linker”, a knight defending a princess.
 OVA bundled with the Accel World simulation and action games. The Blu-ray OVA discs came with the PS3 limited edition versions and the DVD with the PSP limited edition versions.The project was split into two PSP and PS3 titles, and one episode was released with each game
 One autumn day in 2046, Haruyuki has an encounter with Kuroyukihime, the prettiest girl in his school. For the middle school boy who is often bullied, the meeting changes his life. Through a mysterious piece of software from her, Haruyuki learns of the existence of the virtual Accel World. In that moment, the lowest of the “school caste” becomes “Burst Linker”, a knight defending a princess.
 In 2046, many aspects of life are carried out on a virtual network. No matter how advanced the time becomes, however, bullying never disappears. Haruyuki is one of the bullied students. However, one day he is contacted by Kuroyukihime, the most famous person in the school. "Wouldn't you like to 'accelerate' and go further ahead, boy?" Haruyuki is introduced to the "Accel World" and decides to fight as Kuroyukihime's knight.
 In 2046, many aspects of life are carried out on a virtual network. No matter how advanced the time becomes, however, bullying never disappears. Haruyuki is one of the bullied students. However, one day he is contacted by Kuroyukihime, the most famous person in the school. "Wouldn't you like to 'accelerate' and go further ahead, boy?" Haruyuki is introduced to the "Accel World" and decides to fight as Kuroyukihime's knight.
 Acchi Kocchi follows the misadventures, screw ups, and idiocy of 5 schoolmates
 One-minute long Acchi Kocchi specials that aired at the end of each eps. It was released on the BD/DVD discs of the series as clean ver. later.

 On her first day at Nishi High School, 15-year-old Hiromi Oka is inspired by top player Reika "Ochoufujin" Ryuuzaki to take up tennis. Shortly after joining the school's tennis club, she encounters Jin Munakata, the club's new coach. Munakata puts everyone under rigorous training that even puts Ochoufujin to shame. Despite the hardships, Hiromi's determination prompts the coach to select her as part of the club's main players. Because of this, Hiromi must endure the peer pressure from her seniors to become an ace tennis player.
 High school freshman Hiromi joins the tennis club because of her admiration for Ryuzaki. Ryuzaki is a senior, who's the best tennis player on the team and also nicknamed "Ochoufujin", ("Madame Butterfly"), because of her elegance on the tennis court. However, the new coach, Jin Munakata, wants the inexperienced Hiromi to play in a forthcoming tournament.Due to this, Hiromi considers quitting tennis for good but, in the depth of her soul, she soon realizes that she loves tennis after all. She returns to the club and, under Munakata's coaching, her talent starts to bloom.In the end, Hiromi develops a strong emotional bond with her coach, not knowing that Munakata is risking his life because of a chronic illness.
 Three years has passed since the events of the first series. Hiromi continued training with her coach and became Japan's junior champion. Their common profits have also contributed to the coach being chosen as the first trainer of the Japanese Selection of Tennis and is arranged to head a trip with the youngest members of the team to USA. The relation between Hiromi and its trainer is narrower at personal level but it exceeds the teacher-student bond with great difficulty.
 Hiromi continues developing her tennis and shows the results while undergoing an emotional change into an adult.
 The "local heroine fighter" of a certain city became popular and a national star. Because of this, "local heroines" debuted in various other places, and their action live events became a hit trend nationally. In Hinano City, high school girl Misaki Shirogane and other girls become local heroines (at the urging of Misaki's aunt, the prefectural governor) and vow to produce action live events.
 Set in a part of Tokyo that has descended into a quagmire, the story follows Unit 8 of the 5th Special Public Security Section's 3rd Mobile Assault Division, popularly called "The Eighth," who don powered armor "Willwear" exoskeletons to counter the rise in crime.
 Set in a part of Tokyo that has descended into a quagmire, the story follows Unit 8 of the 5th Special Public Security Section's 3rd Mobile Assault Division, popularly called "The Eighth," who don powered armor "Willwear" exoskeletons to counter the rise in crime.
 Private Tenshou Gakuen is the seventh of ten school districts circled within a 130-meter tall wall with restricted entry and egress aside from officials. The academy is fully autonomous by the government but to strive for independence, the school allows students to engage in club activities after school, which comes with a strangely unique system. Each club is ranked according to its overall accumulated points gathered from various club activities and school events. Points can also be received by winning at the school's periodic Tenshou Gakuen Singing Contest, where many students compete. The members in the clubs work hard to win the contest for their goal.
 Private Tenshou Gakuen is the seventh of ten school districts circled within a 130-meter tall wall with restricted entry and egress aside from officials. The academy is fully autonomous by the government but to strive for independence, the school allows students to engage in club activities after school, which comes with a strangely unique system. Each club is ranked according to its overall accumulated points gathered from various club activities and school events. Points can also be received by winning at the school's periodic Tenshou Gakuen Singing Contest, where many students compete. The members in the clubs work hard to win the contest for their goal.
 The year is 2027 in MegaTokyo, six years before the Knight Sabers will make their debut. Boomers (artificial humans) are still a relatively new advancement, and the implementation and integration of boomers into society is still a bit buggy -- sometimes fatally so. Whenever a boomer incident occurs, though, there is the Advanced Police, a special force trained to deal with boomer crimes.Leon McNichol is a rookie in the AD Police, and is just starting to become exposed to the horrors and tragedies one finds every day in MegaTokyo. He and his veteran partner, Gina Marceau, slowly learn about the ever-fading line that separates man from machine.
 Short episodes with super-deformed characters posted on the official Twitter account.
 The vicious stepmother and the green tea sister committed evil one after another, but they were rescued by him unexpectedly, and strongly asked for marriage. From then on, she became the wife of the living king of Kyoto, Lu Zeyuan, which made her parents and the scum-man's ex anxious. A sweet love affair also unfolded from this...
 Two years after the events in Galaxy Express 999, Earth has become a battleground. Tetsuro, older and fighting the Machine People, rejoins Maetel aboard the GE999.

 The comedy follows a lion, toucan, and lizard as they live the lives of office workers in a capitalist society in Japan, while also dealing with their unique situations as animals living beyond the savanna and the food chain.
 The comedy follows a lion, toucan, and lizard as they live the lives of office workers in a capitalist society in Japan, while also dealing with their unique situations as animals living beyond the savanna and the food chain.
 his father in front of him when he was just a boy, a three-armed gunman who is the lord of the dark swordsman’s road and the current No. 1.
 After watching his father die in a duel against an unbeatable villian known only as 'Justice,' young Afro fixes his life on the study of swords and revenge. The tale of Afro Samurai is one of bloody hardship and pain. Along his solitary path of revenge for his murdered father, he sheds no tears & knows no love. Forever chased by powerful enemies in a lawless technology-speckled dystopia, he evades bullets and blade to reach his final prey
 Takashi Okazaki said in the new season Afro "loses his way, gets tired of all the killing" and he "wakes up to his destiny, which is to be the world's number one warrior."Produced by Japanese studio GONZO in association/partnership with GDH K.K. and based on the original art and story telling of manga artist Takashi Okazaki. Funimation is also collaborating on the production.
 Afro Ken is a Japanese character created by the San-X company, which creates other anime-style characters such as Kogepan. He is a dog with a rainbow-coloured afro. He is innocent and blameless and always in a good mood. Afro Ken is always willing to try new things. Afro Ken is attracted to objects that look like he does. His hair changes to look like these things as he gets close to them.There is an Afro Ken Family Tree with other dog characters who have outrageous names, such as Techno Ken, Funky Ken, Lord Ken, Super Afro Ken, and Normal Ken. Unlike the others, Normal Ken does not have wild hair.
 Part of a new cross media project titled Megaton-kyuu Musashi by game developer Level-5.
 Focusing on this new type of armament, various forces have fought fiercely and have set up colleges to cultivate special agents. With the breakthrough and application of the experiment and the coercion from the mysterious race, the world gradually fell into the mire of war. After the war ended, the mysterious race disappeared, and the agents and the gun gods became unproven urban legends. The special agents “Deep Ocean” and “Wild Snake” relocated their bases to the seafloor and underground, respectively, without disturbing each other. However, in a scene of peace, the crisis is perilous.
 Aike, one of people who are hired to search the valuable information or artifacts for remnants of sunken Tokyo. An earthquake set in  the not-too-distant future, has pushed Tokyo under the waves and many people are making a living as “salvagers”....Aike, one of people who are hired to search the valuable information or artifacts for remnants of sunken Tokyo. An earthquake set in  the not-too-distant future, has pushed Tokyo under the waves and many people are making a living as “salvagers”. She teamed up with her employer’s daughter and armed with a magical golden bustier, she searches the ocean for profit and adventure.
 The show centers on Retsuko, a 25-year old red panda who works in her dream company's accounting department. But it turns out that she is forced to keep doing more and more impossible tasks by her superiors and co-workers. She doesn't talk back to them, but she still has to let off steam, so she ends up going to karaoke by herself and singing death metal.
 Some offices have stereotypical dynamics
 Some offices have stereotypical dynamics
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Red panda Retsuko continues to work at her cyclic office job, with the occasional stress-venting via death metal karaoke on the side. With the company of her newfound friends Gori and Washimi, life is more enjoyable than ever before. But some new shake-ups to her status quo threaten to add more stress to her life. At the office, new employee Anai seems like a fine addition to the company. Yet when Retsuko is placed in charge of his training, she finds that beneath his steadfast dedication, he may pose a threat to the stability of the workplace. Meanwhile, at home, Retsuko's mother pays an abrupt visit, fully intent on having her daughter finally settle down and find a man. With this in mind, she sets Retsuko up for various marriage appointments, much to her chagrin.Now, Retsuko finds all the more reasons to head to the karaoke bar and unleash her furious diatribes. However, knowing that this will not truly solve her problems, she decides to make a more spontaneous choice to avoid her issues. And so, Retsuko finds herself set upon another self-reflecting journey, coming to learn more about herself and love, with the ever cathartic support of death metal karaoke.
 Third Season of Aggressive Retsuko.
 Third Season of Aggressive Retsuko.
 Fourth season of Aggressive Retsuko.
 Fourth season of Aggressive Retsuko
 Fifth season of Aggressive Retsuko.
 Fifth season of Aggressive Retsuko.
 Aggretsuko Specials.
 The series is about a missing genius whose mysterious disappearance becomes a shady secret among the successful members of society.
 Morisato Keiichi is a down on his luck college student. Although possessing a diligent and generous nature, he had the misfortune of being born under an unlucky star. As a result, the current state of his life is somewhat unenviable. All that is about to change, however, as Heaven has taken notice of his plight. A goddess, Belldandy, is despatched to Earth to grant Keiichi one wish.One wish, be it unlimited power, wealth, or his fondest desire. And his wish? ‘I wish that a goddess like you will stay with me forever.’
 One year after goddess Belldandy emerged from Keiichi Morisato's mirror and promised to stay with him forever, a new threat to their happiness emerges, one that could end the contract between Belldandy and Keiichi.
 When Keiichi found his grandpa's diary and saw a treasure map inside, Skuld and Urd started to feel a great urge to search it. With the company of his friends, Keiichi arrives to Honda Inn, the place indicated on the map. Once the party is inside, they meet Honda Chieko, who seems to share a certain promise with Keiichi. Apart from all that confusion, it's time for Keiichi to have enough courage to say the words 'I love you' to Belldandy.
 Morisato Keiichi is a down on his luck college student. Although possessing a diligent and generous nature, he had the misfortune of being born under an unlucky star. As a result, the current state of his life is somewhat unenviable. All that is about to change, however, as Heaven has taken notice of his plight.A goddess, Belldandy, is despatched to Earth to grant Keiichi one wish. One wish, be it unlimited power, wealth, or his fondest desire. And his wish? ‘I wish that a goddess like you will stay with me forever.’
 Trouble in Paradise! Belldandy's mentor, Celestin, was imprisoned for attempting to overthrow the Goddess system, but now he's back! Using a system virus, Celestin, corrupts the Goddess system and removes all of Belldandy's memories of Keiichi! Will Belldandy's love for Keiichi prove to be the key to ruining Celestin's plans, or will it be the final ingredient necessary to destroy our reality?!
 Morisato Keiichi is a down on his luck college student. Although possessing a diligent and generous nature, he had the misfortune of being born under an unlucky star. As a result, the current state of his life is somewhat unenviable. All that is about to change, however, as Heaven has taken notice of his plight.A goddess, Belldandy, is despatched to Earth to grant Keiichi one wish. One wish, be it unlimited power, wealth, or his fondest desire. And his wish? ‘I wish that a goddess like you will stay with me forever.’
 Morisato Keiichi is a down on his luck college student. Although possessing a diligent and generous nature, he had the misfortune of being born under an unlucky star. As a result, the current state of his life is somewhat unenviable. All that is about to change, however, as Heaven has taken notice of his plight.A goddess, Belldandy, is despatched to Earth to grant Keiichi one wish. One wish, be it unlimited power, wealth, or his fondest desire. And his wish? ‘I wish that a goddess like you will stay with me forever.’
 or centuries, a god named Celestin has been imprisoned on the moon for betraying the kingdom of Yggdrasil. Released by the fairy Morgan Le Fey, Celestin travels to Earth to reunite with his former pupil, the goddess Belldandy. Things go awry as Celestin erases Belldandy's memories of her boyfriend Keiichi and uses her as a catalyst to wreak havoc on Earth and Yggdrasil.
 Reina Aharen, a small and cute student with a quiet voice, is quite bad at determining distance and personal space. Sometimes she's inches away from your face, and at other times, miles too far! The only one who tries to understand her antics is Raidou Matsuboshi, who is seated beside her in class. He has a menacing face, but in reality, he is a kind boy with an imagination that can run wild at times.Aharen-san wa Hakarenai follows the peculiar pair as their odd friendship starts to blossom when Raidou picks up Aharen's eraser for her. She misinterprets his gesture and now believes them to be best friends, showing how the simplest of things can prove to be the most complicated of challenges for them.
 Reina Aharen, a small and cute student with a quiet voice, is quite bad at determining distance and personal space. Sometimes she's inches away from your face, and at other times, miles too far! The only one who tries to understand her antics is Raidou Matsuboshi, who is seated beside her in class. He has a menacing face, but in reality, he is a kind boy with an imagination that can run wild at times.Aharen-san wa Hakarenai follows the peculiar pair as their odd friendship starts to blossom when Raidou picks up Aharen's eraser for her. She misinterprets his gesture and now believes them to be best friends, showing how the simplest of things can prove to be the most complicated of challenges for them.
 This 4-koma style manga features Yoshiko, a genuinely stupid girl (she can even manage to get all 0's on multiple choice tests). She hangs out at school with her childhood friend, who she claims to like, and he has to put up with all her ridiculous behavior!
 It's sometime in the future and the story starts off with Kei and Ai running for their lives. Ai is a little girl who holds a terrible secret which could destroy the current world. The world is now populated by Headmeters, people who have psychic powers and their strength is shown on their forehead when they fight. However, Kei was an experimental subject and his strength never went above level 5 while other surpasses his ability effortlessly. While escaping, when in desperate moments, Kei could increase his ability to infinity when Ai is in trouble.The one who's after her have a deep secret, aided by a small dwarflike man living in a robotic suit. Eventually Ai is captured and Kei, a sherlock holmes detective and another Headmeter who was converted to the good side when Kei unleashed his horrible powers through Ai must go and rescue her.Together they must save Ai and the secret which she holds. What is the secret of Ai? Who is she?
 This film’s very interesting for person who love Japanese manga.Ai, Mai, Mii, and Ponoka-sempai are girls in manga club. They’re fighting evil invaders threatening Earth, facing off against rivals in tournaments, ...This film’s very interesting for person who love Japanese manga.Ai, Mai, Mii, and Ponoka-sempai are girls in manga club. They’re fighting evil invaders threatening Earth, facing off against rivals in tournaments, and dealing with other absurd situations when they are not drawing manga. A excited story’s about the four-panel manga “Ai Mai Mi”.
 Second season of Ai Mai Mii.
 Unaired episode inluded with the Blu-ray/DVD release.
 Third season of Ai Mai Mii.
 Ai Mai! Moe Can Change!
 An OVA based on the work of Kawaguchi Kaiji consisting of nine independent stories, each animated by a different director. With Beatles music involved, somewhere.
 Enrico Pocchini is a kind-hearted schoolboy with a strong sense of justice who lives in the Italian town of Torino. As a new term starts, he loses his beloved teacher, Miss Delacci, who is replaced by the stern Sr. Pelboni. Eventually, the boys in Enrico's class come to respect Sr. Pelboni, and learn about love, life and human kindness.
 This science fiction omnibus depicting a doctor who "treats" robot and humanoid problems takes place in the near future, when humanoids with artificial intelligence account for 10% of the population. The main character, Dr. Sudo Hikaru, also has the undercover name Moggadeet, under which he secretly takes on illegal medical procedures. For example, for a man who inadvertently infected his humanoid wife with a computer virus when illegally backing up her data, Sudo proposes an operation to rewrite her memory using backup data. Could an existence replaced by backup data truly be said to be the same as it was before?
 The story is set in the future on the planet named Amoi which is controlled by a supercomputer named Jupiter. Among the mostly male human population, the light-haired elite class is allowed to temporarily keep the dark-haired "mongrels" as pets. One elite member, Iason, encounters a mongrel named Riki in the slums and decides to take him in. However, Iason keeps Riki longer than it is socially approved, and rumors abound about their possible relationship.
 The story is set in the future on the planet named Amoi which is controlled by a supercomputer named Jupiter. Among the mostly male human population, the light-haired elite class is allowed to temporarily keep the dark-haired "mongrels" as pets. One elite member, Iason, encounters a mongrel named Riki in the slums and decides to take him in. However, Iason keeps Riki longer than it is socially approved, and rumors abound about their possible relationship.
 On planet Amoi, a great society has developed, creating a computerized city called Tanagura, ruled by supercomputer Jupiter. The populace is almost entirely male and is based on hair color; silver and/or blonds are the elitist, ending with dark/black haired as the bottom of society, often known as “mongrels”. Blondies keep “pets”, young boys kept for a few years, especially made for performing sexual actions for the Blondie’s voyeurism entertainment. Blondies aren’t suppose to keep pets for long or interact sexually with pets, but one blondie named Iason Mink has kept a pet named Rikki, for years and is rumored to sleep with him. Iason refuses to let go of Rikki, even with Jupiter’s disapproval. Rikki fights with his emotions and society problems, unable to decide what to do about his old friend/lover Gai (Guy) and their gang. Iason is obsessed with keeping Rikki, and Rikki doesn’t know what to do; fight against him or surrender to him.
 Sing a Bit of Harmony tells the story of the beautiful and mysterious Shion who transfers to Keibu High School where she quickly becomes popular due to her open-hearted personality and exceptional athletic talent...but she turns out to be an AI in the testing phase!Shion's goal is to bring chronic loner Satomi "happiness." However, her strategy is something no human would expect
 Sing a Bit of Harmony tells the story of the beautiful and mysterious Shion who transfers to Keibu High School where she quickly becomes popular due to her open-hearted personality and exceptional athletic talent...but she turns out to be an AI in the testing phase!Shion's goal is to bring chronic loner Satomi "happiness." However, her strategy is something no human would expect
 The comic story of Shizuka, the eldest daughter, who lives at home, showing no signs of getting married; her mother, who is both annoyed with Shizuka, and at the same time concerned about her window of eligibility; her sister Ikumi, with whom she gets along, even though they fight; and her father, who feels henpecked in this all-female household.The strange incidents that happen with this family, which otherwise seems completely ordinary, will make you laugh out loud. The original manga is currently serialized in Takeshobo's Manga Club.The title is a pun on the long running Nippon Animation version of Little Women, "Ai no Wakakusa Monogatari."
 Motherless since birth, Pollyanna was an ordinary happy-go-lucky girl, leaving peacefully with her father, the vicar. Then one day her life changes completely when her father dies and she has to live with her aunt whom she has never met before. In the beginning, she seems to be detested by her but as time passes, they develop a very strong bond.
 The franchise is celebrating its 20th anniversary with this new project.
 Yamada is a high school student, and a virgin, who aspires to have 100 casual sex partners. Despite this, she soon finds herself targeting and pursuing only one boy.
 Yamada, first name withheld, is a 15-year-old girl who has just entered Takizawa High School. Easily considered exceptionally beautiful, she has only one problem with her own body, she thinks her vagina looks weird and is very self-conscious about it. Upon entering high school, her dream was to have casual sex with 100 men but therein lies the problem, she believes an experienced partner will tease her about the way her vagina looks or simply the fact that she's a virgin. She stumbles upon the solution in the form of Kosuda Takashi, a fellow virgin, whom she believes will help ease the transition to more experienced partners.There's only one small problem, Yamada doesn't know anything about sex or the ancient art of seduction, meaning her quest to conquer Kosuda will be a difficult one.
 A rumor has spread amongst the children worldwide regarding the popular B-Daman matches
 Third season of B-Project.
 The anime's story follows Tsubasa, a new hire in the A&R department of the major recording company Gandala Music. Tsubasa is immediately assigned to oversee the idol unit "B-PROJECT," which is made up of three idol groups
 Second season of B-Project
 In a world powered by advanced technology, crime and action unfold in the archipelagic nation of Cremona. Koku, the protagonist. Keith, the legendary investigator of the royal police force RIS. A mysterious criminal organization. A wide variety of characters race through the fortified city as it is beset by the serial killer, Killer B, and a chain of crimes in this suspense drama by director Kazuto Nakazawa and Production I.G
 In a world powered by advanced technology, crime and action unfold in the archipelagic nation of Cremona. Koku, the protagonist. Keith, the legendary investigator of the royal police force RIS. A mysterious criminal organization. A wide variety of characters race through the fortified city as it is beset by the serial killer, Killer B, and a chain of crimes in this suspense drama by director Kazuto Nakazawa and Production I.G
 Second season of B
 Second season of B
 At the time of the ceremony of entry to the college, a young boy named Ushino Hayama finds Sara a girl whom he met ten years ago. From this day, a change has taken place in him, and notices that can now control some water. After having succeeded the swimming championships, he discovers deep sea diving.
 Teppei is going to visit his older brother Kotaro Takamiya during a scientific conference after training with a mysterious woman named Karen for the past 11 years. However his plans for a family reunion become stalled when a woman named Aramis kills everyone in the conference to kidnap Kotaro. Teppei on the way to save his brother encounters a broken mechanical horse called B't X who revives thanks to Teppei's blood and is now his aide to save his brother from the mysterious Machine Empire.
 Teppei is going to visit his older brother Kotaro Takamiya during a scientific conference after training with a mysterious woman named Karen for the past 11 years. However his plans for a family reunion become stalled when a woman named Aramis kills everyone in the conference to kidnap Kotaro. Teppei on the way to save his brother encounters a broken mechanical horse called B't X who revives thanks to Teppei's blood and is now his aide to save his brother from the mysterious Machine Empire.
 Continuation of Teppei's journey with B't X to rescue his brother Kotaro Takamiya from the Machine Empire. The OAV series picks off from the TV series from the point where Hokuto successfully saves both Teppei and B't X and makes B't X far more powerful than before.
 After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again.
 The kingdom of Gemini is attacked by the evil Queen Halle. The twin princesses of the kingdom are missing, so is the important Night Star Box, which has affected planets including Earth. The fairy Queen had sent Prince You Le and Sally to Earth, looking for the Night Star Box with the help of Maggie and Michelle. Then the gang found out one of the girls who takes dance lessons with Maggie and Michelle is one of the missing princesses, Bei Bei! The mission to find the Night Star Box and the the still missing princess, Ya Ya, is now on the shoulder of the fairies.
 After the fairies defeated Gunala, the Evil Goddess, another crisis hit the Fairy Castle!! The magical energy of the world has been devoured by the evil wizards. The Rainbow Flower, the source of the magic power, is soon to wither, and this will destroy the world of Fairy Castle. Only finding the legendary Rainbow Heart Stone and letting it recollect all the essential energy can save the world. To solve this biggest crisis in the history of the Fairy Castle, Prince YouLe, Sally, and their new friend XiaoQian, have to go back to the human world and reunite with Maggie and Michelle to fight the evil again.
 The kingdom of Gemini is attacked by the evil Queen Halle. The twin princesses of the kingdom are missing, so is the important Night Star Box, which has affected planets including Earth. The fairy Queen had sent Prince You Le and Sally to Earth, looking for the Night Star Box with the help of Maggie and Michelle. Then the gang found out one of the girls who takes dance lessons with Maggie and Michelle is one of the missing princesses, Bei Bei! The mission to find the Night Star Box and the the still missing princess, Ya Ya, is now on the shoulder of the fairies.

 Life seems simple for Koichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as"defender of the Earth", Koichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind.
 Life seems simple for Koichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as "defender of the Earth," Koichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind.
 Life seems simple for Kouichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as "defender of the Earth," Kouichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind.
 Life seems simple for Kouichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as "defender of the Earth," Kouichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind.
 Life seems simple for Koichi, a young student, until he learns that he is the reincarnation of an alien protector who crashed onto the mantle of responsibility as"defender of the Earth", Koichi/Babel teams up with a trio of super-powered alien companions to battle the the dark forces of an evil cult leader. The war to save humanity takes Babel from the deserts of southern Asia to the upper east side of Manhattan and ultimately to a final showdown with "the master" in a hidden base nestled in the Swiss Alps. The action is fast-paced and deadly. The fate of the world rests in the ability of this courageous youth to tame his latent psychic power and use it to defeat the enemies of mankind.
 A young Felix the Cat and his baby pals find fun and mischief along their travels.
 The story follows Ei-chan, a punctual and earnest boy who has strived for straight As since elementary school. He began going to a tennis school during high school. There, he meets Natsu, a beautiful, earnest girl who only has passion for tennis.
 Second season of Baby Steps series.
 Zen Seizaki, a public prosecutor at Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office, is investigating a case of illegal clinical research related to a drug company and a university. During the investigation, he finds a file that Shin Inaba, an anesthesiologist, kept, which includes blood that is mixed with hair, skin, and a paper written with letter F. As he investigates, he realized there's a hidden plot that is connected with a huge election as well as to a certain person who is in charge of it.
 Each of the stories in the series involves several unrelated plots intersecting and crossing each other as events spiral farther and farther out of control. Immortal alchemists, mafia operated speakeasies, and many other elements of pulp fiction mashed together for a world straight out of the movies.
 During the late 1930s in Chicago, the transcontinental train, Flying Pussyfoot, is starting its legendary journey that will leave a trail of blood all over the country. At the same time in New York, the ambitious scientist Szilard and his unwilling aide Ennis, are looking for missing bottles of the immortality elixir. In addition, a war between the mafia groups is getting worse. On board the Advena Avis, in 1711, alchemists are about to learn the price of immortality.Based on the award winning light novels of the same name, this anime adaptation follows several events that initially seem unrelated, both in time and place, but are part of a much bigger story - one of alchemy, survival and immortality. Merging these events together are the kindhearted would-be thieves, Isaac and Miria, connecting various people, all of them with their own hidden ambitions and agendas, and creating lifelong bonds and consequences for everyone involved.
 Ringarindo is a land surrounded by a wall. The wall covers, protects, cultivates, and nutures this land. The wall is god ... it is the foundation of this land of Ringarindo.One day, a mysterious man named Back Arrow appears in Essha village on the outskirts of Ringarindo. Arrow lost his memories, but says that all he knows is, "I came from beyond the wall." To restore his memories, Arrow heads out beyond the wall, but is embroiled in a battle with himself as the stakes.
 Ringarindo is a land surrounded by a wall. The wall covers, protects, cultivates, and nutures this land. The wall is god ... it is the foundation of this land of Ringarindo.One day, a mysterious man named Back Arrow appears in Essha village on the outskirts of Ringarindo. Arrow lost his memories, but says that all he knows is, "I came from beyond the wall." To restore his memories, Arrow heads out beyond the wall, but is embroiled in a battle with himself as the stakes.

 A group of 3 yakuza failed their boss for the last time. After messing up an important job, the boss gave them 2 choices
 After failing their boss for the last time, yakuza members Kentarou, Ryou, and Kazuhiko are faced with one of two choices
 Younger Yang Fan’s younger sister died tragically and was betrayed by his girlfriend. By chance, he was reborn back to before the apocalypse broke out! In the last life, you bullied me, humiliated me, and betrayed me. In this life, you will be reborn! Yang Fan squeezed the super ring in his hand
 A young man named Yang Fan was betrayed by his girlfriend while he and his sister were at death’s door when suddenly, he traveled back to the past. Last time, you guys bullied me and sold me out. This time, with the power of the ring, only the strongest can survive. And I, am the strongest.
 The time traveling adventures of Professor Brown, his family and his friend, Marty McFly.
 Ye Song, a fan of fujoshi culture in the new era, one day, she travels across the space and time, and she becomes a Rani who is crazy about her husband! In her previous incarnation she died of extreme anger after seeing the Lord flirts with another woman, in this life, she will mess up in his palace! She goes to the brothels, read novels written for adults, fight with others. Can it become a bit more exciting! “ I love the King, I also kind of like the Lord, can I date with both of them?” The king said, “you can only be mine!"
 Tsukasa, Yoji, and Eiji are friends and members of the motorcycle gang called the Paradise Butterflies. Riding the streets of Hiroshima, their goal in life is to top all other gangs in their city.
 Bong Gi used to have dreams of making something of his life. But now all that seems like a distant memory. He has become fat, lazy and unemployed. In the real world, people are grossed out by him. He has never had a girlfriend and he spends his late nights fantasizing about women. His own life appalls him, but he has one escape, his online life. Gaming has become his everything. After another long, lonely night of gaming, he wakes up, and is shocked to find that he has transformed into a woman. Confused, He encounters a young woman named Sae Mi, who offers him advice. He soon falls for her charms but things get even more bizarre when he attempts to take revenge on Sang Woo, a school bully who turns out to be Sae Mi’s older brother!
 Ryo is sent out by the people of a village to kill the monster which has been attacking the villagers. It is rumoured that this monster is a cat-woman named Bagi. As Ryo waits for the monster to come to its watering hole, he thinks back to how he first met Bagi as a kitten who learned how to write, and later re-enters his life on a quest to discover who and what she really is. But now she has gone wild, and as the time of her arrival approaches, he strengthens his resolve to kill her.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season of Bai Gui Youeryuan.
 The fourth season of Bai Gui Youeryuan.
 Zen Luo, who is now a menial slave, used to be a young master of a big family, owing to the decline of his family, his sister is imprisoned by a strong force, he has no choice but to be at others’ service. However, Every cloud has a silver lining, The ancient book left by his father actually conceals the magical spell, which can change a human into an instrument! What’s the mysterious power behind all these? This is contest with fate.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 After her mother's death, young kazakh girl Ahkus who grew up in a city has to go to the grasslands to live with her dad who she had no contact with for years.

 Verta must find a way to escape from the Shura City, in order to rescue her sister Blanca from the monk named Fahai.
 Verta must find a way to escape from the Shura City, in order to rescue her sister Blanca from the monk named Fahai.

 Xiao-Bai, a white snake demon, is sent on a mission to assassinate the Emperor's Taoist advisor, who has been killing snakes en masse in order to achieve immortality and curry the Emperor's favor. Xiao-Bai, however, is attacked by the advisor's lackeys before she can reach him and is subsequently defeated. Luckily, the demonic hairpin she was granted by the Snake Mother is able to save her life at the cost of her memories.Xiao-Bai awakens in the Snake-catcher village, unaware that she is actually a demon or that she is surrounded by her sworn enemies. She meets Xu Xuan, the man who saved her, and is charmed by him. The two set out on a journey to discover who Xiao-Bai is, and learn the secret of her demonic hairpin. The pair is pursued by Xiao-Qing, Xiao-Bai's sister, who has sworn to the Snake Mother to retrieve Xiao-Bai within three days or die trying. As Taoists, demons, and humans collide, a tale of forbidden romance unfolds.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season of Bai Yao Pu.
 Third season of Bai Yao Pu.
 The story centers around Akihisa Yoshii, the "baka" of the title. His academy rigidly divides up the student body into classes based on the results of tests. The prodigies are in the A class with reclining seats complete with air conditioning, but Akihisa is in F class, the lowest rung of the school ladder which is furnished only with low, decrepit tables and worn-out straw tatami mats. A girl named Mizuki Himeji is actually one of the smartest girls in Akihisa's sophomore year, but she had a fever on test day and was pigeonholed into the F class. Besides Mizuki (who Akihisa secretly adores), the F class also has Yuuji Sakamoto, the class president who has been Akihisa's friend and partner-in-crime since the freshman year.The school happens to have developed experiments to summon fantasy creatures, and Akihisa decides to rally F class to take on the higher-tiered classes and seize their perks. The F class uses the summoned creatures in an all-out battle for school supremacy.
 Continuing from where Season 1 left, the story continues with a more in depth into the characters but with the same humor narrative as before.
 Continuing from where Season 1 left, the story continues with a more in depth into the characters but with the same humor narrative as before.
 Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010.
 2011
 OVA of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu which was announced to be released before the start of the second series.
 The cast of Baka to Test all get together and tell us what Christmas means to them. Joy!
 The story is set in the human realm (Tokyo's Shibuya ward) and the bakemono realm ("Shibutenmachi"). In these two worlds which must not intersect, there lives a lonely boy and a lonely bakemono. One day, the boy gets lost in the bakemono world, becomes the disciple of the bakemono Kumatetsu, and is renamed Kyuuta.
 Two souls, living very different lives, wander alone and isolated in their respective worlds. For nine-year-old Ren, the last person who treated him with any form of kindness has been killed and he is shunned by what is left of his family. With no parents, no real family, and no place to go, Ren escapes into the confusing streets and alleyways of Shibuya. Through the twists and turns of the alleys, Ren stumbles into the intimidating Kumatetsu, who leads him to the beast realm of Shibuten.For Kumatetsu, the boy represents a chance for him to become a candidate to replace the Lord of the realm once he retires. While nearly unmatched in combat, Kumatetsu's chilly persona leaves him with no disciples to teach and no way to prove he is worthy of becoming the Lord's successor.While the two share different goals, they agree to help each other in order to reach them. Kumatetsu searches for recognition; Ren, now known as Kyuuta, searches for the home he never had. As the years pass by, it starts to become apparent that the two are helping each other in more ways than they had originally thought. Perhaps there has always been less of a difference between them, a boy and a beast, than either of the two ever realized.
 Koyomi Araragi is almost hman again after briefly bcoming a vampire. When Hitagi falls down the stairs into his arms, he discovers he wieghs almost nothing, and offers her help from a middle-aged man. Koyomi encounters different apperitions in a series of interconnected stories.
 A 15-minute trailer bundled with the limited edition of 14th Baki-Dou manga volume. Despite being bundled with Baki-Dou, it will adapt part of the the "Most Evil Death Row Convicts" arc from Baki
 The protagonist, Baki Hanma, trains with an intense focus to become strong enough to surpass his father, Yujiro Hanma, the strongest fighter in the world. Five of the world's most violent and brutal death row inmates are gathering to face Baki. Their objective is to taste defeat -- their unmatched strength and skill have led them to grow bored of life itself, and they now seek out Baki in the hopes that he can overwhelm and utterly crush them. In this crisis, other underground martial art warriors gather to fight by Baki's side
 The protagonist, Baki Hanma, trains with an intense focus to become strong enough to surpass his father, Yujiro Hanma, the strongest fighter in the world. Five of the world's most violent and brutal death row inmates are gathering to face Baki. Their objective is to taste defeat -- their unmatched strength and skill have led them to grow bored of life itself, and they now seek out Baki in the hopes that he can overwhelm and utterly crush them. In this crisis, other underground martial art warriors gather to fight by Baki's side
 Second season of Baki.
 Second season of Baki.
 Baki Hanma is a young fighter who yearns to follow in the footsteps of his father, Yujiro, and become the strongest fighter in the world. Through that he trains tirelessly and fights constantly to hone his skills and develop his body to achieve these goals. Many intense battles lay ahead of Baki as he goes about his quest to be the best and ultimately take the title of "King" from his father.
 Long ago, the gate to the world of darkness was sealed. Now evil warriors, known as Remnants, are trying to reopen the gate and let demons take over the world. However, at Tobira High School, there exist guardians of the gate who must risk their lives to prevent the gate from being opened.
 The Bakugan battle brawlers began when two young boys by the name of Dan and Shun made the rules to a mysterious game played with bakupearls, gate cards and ability cards. No one would ever have guessed what was going to happen next as Dan and his new internet friends battle their way to the bitter end.
 Mysterious cards came down from the sky one day. Capable of summoning powerful creatures from another dimension, they became the centerpiece of a new game called Bakugan. The game gained instant popularity among children and teenagers, with the best of them competing in a worldwide ranking.Meanwhile, war for domination over Vestroia, the homeland of Bakugan cards, rages on. Invaded by the White Dragon Naga and his servants, the Doom Beings, the realm becomes increasingly destabilized. Dimensions begin to merge and many Bakugan players come to realize that their pastime is not merely a game.Danma Kuusou, one such Bakugan player, intends to become the World Ranking's leader someday. However, during one of his fights he experiences a vision of a clash in Vestroia. The fight suddenly moves to Earth, where Danma comes into possession of a talking, mighty fire Bakugan, Pyrus Dragonoid.He soon gets dragged into the conflict, and together with his Bakugan Brawlers team, must traverse the dimensions and restore balance in a ravaged world.
 Bakugan Battle Brawlers begins with Danma Kuusou, a boy who invented the game Bakugan with his friend Shun Kazami after mysterious and seemingly random cards fell out of the sky. Together with their other friends, they form a team called the "Bakugan Battle Brawlers" in order to play this new game together. But unknown to these young friends, Bakugan is much more than a simple past time. Their game accidently sucks them into an alternate dimension called Vestroia, the home ground of Bakugan.Vestroia has recently come under attack by creatures known as the Doom Beings. This realm is balanced by the Perfect Core, which itself is formed by the Infinity and Silent Cores. When the evil Bakugan Naga attempted to take this great power for himself, he was unable to absorb the negative energy he wished to steal and found himself trapped in the Silent Core. Now, his presence within the core has destabilized Vestroia and attempts to merge with Earth as well as many other worlds. Danma and his friends must team up with individuals from other worlds who have also been drawn into this epic battle. As Naga is seeking the Infinity Core so that he may complete the Perfect Core in order to gain control of Vestroia, Earth, and all other worlds, time is of the essence in this devastating war of worlds.
 Second season of Bakugan
 Mysterious cards appear in front of the children of the world, with the powers to summon monsters from an alternate dimension.When card-fighting group Battle Brothers Dan unleashes the power of Drago card in battle, he’s sucked into an alternate dimension causing a break in the balance of both worlds and possibilty the end to all humanity.
 Bakugan
 In Bakugan
 Bakugan
 Dan, Marucho, and Shun get caught up in a war between two different alien factions in another universe, and teaming up with three new brawlers
 Bakugan
 The strength of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers? is shaken to the core with the threat of losing dan's leadership! And A new insidious enemy infultrated Bakugan Interspace shattering the loyalties of the brawlers and their ardent fans.
 The story follow Dan, Marucho and Drago as they join forces with the Bakugan Resistance in order to restore peace and freedom to their enslaved planet. The newly formed group of friends must battle the evil Vestal to free the captured Bakugan and destroy the Vestal’s plans for domination.
 Hitto Tamaga, an 11-year-old boy, lives in some town in Japan. He is a very unfortunate boy, whose only asset is brightness. He lives only with his father who is a Bedaman researcher, but he left home several months ago, and he's been missing since then. He is living alone in a hut built on a relative’s land. Nobody celebrates his 11th birthday...except his cousin Nana who lives in the same land. One day, Hitto receives a present from the lost father, and he is very grad to know that his father remembers his birthday. It is “Crash Bedaman” that he longed for. After he puts them together to complete Crash Bedaman, he brings it to Bee Park, or a battle field of Beedaman. A battle there shows him a new way he should go. There is a message from his father with the present. “Overcome the difficulties”. Putting this word in his mind, he beats the enemies one after another with his Bedaman. With the encounter of partners and rivals, the mystery of Bedaman, a shadow organization, and the reason of the missing of his father gradually come to light. Defeating various obstacles in his way, he’s growing up.
 Kyoto, Japan. The heroine meets a man who gives her a pocket watch somehow leading to a Torii in a shrine, and suddenly it warps her into the Bakumatsu period. In the world of where there is such a difference in importance of value, she tries to find a way to go back. When she meets a man who has crossed time and says, "I will live for you," a love story between the two blossoms.
 The story takes place in Kyoto in the late 19th century. Manjiro has two faces. During the day, he works as a helper for people in Kyoto, but he also acts in secret to get back people’s properties from the men in power. As the get-backer “Roman,” Manjiro is getting involved in a nationwide conspiracy.
 In the final years of the Bakumatsu, wandering mercenary Yojiro Akizuki travels the length and breadth of Japan. And while he employs his sword in the usual fashion, he also uses it to help him locate supernatural items which he pursues with single-minded determination, often with bloody results. In the course of his quest, he crosses paths with a traveling theater group whose members have their own dark agenda. Is it a chance meeting or the result of some, as yet, undiscovered conspiracy?
 Based on the real life events around Yevfimy Vasilyevich Putyatin, a Russian admiral noted for his diplomatic missions to Japan and China, and the signing of the Treaty of Shimoda in 1855.
 In the Bakumatsu era, at the end of the shoguns' rule over Japan in the middle of the 19th century
 The Bakumatsu was an era in which the souls of young men burned with anxiety for their country's future. Takasugi Shinsaku, a soldier of fortune from Choshu, sneaks aboard a government ship with his comrade Katsura Kogorou in search of a mysterious "timepiece" with the power to manipulate time that he fears the government wishes to keep for themselves. Rather than allow such power to fall into the wrong hands, Takasugi plans to destroy the artifact, but having obtained it, the artifact is quickly stolen, forcing the pair to follow the mysterious thief to the seat of government in Kyoto. However, when they arrive in the capital, they discover that the government has been overthrown and the deity Susanoo now reigns in its place. The streets of the city and the people in them are much different than Takasugi and Katsura remembered. The times may have changed but their mission hasn't - Takasugi and Katsura resolve to reset time and save their nation from the nefarious forces trying to hijack it.
 The story revolves around high school girls who discover the appeal of motorcycles. Sakura Hane is a high school student who looks a little bit like an airhead. On the way to her all-female high school one day, she is worn-out climbing a hilly road with a bicycle, but she sees a girl named Onsa Amano who is riding a motorcycle. Sakura immediately becomes interested in motorcycles, and she and Onsa join the motorcycle club at the school. Then, Sakura sets out to get her license.
 OVA bundled with the seventh manga volume.
 In the continent of spooner, sorcerers, who are the continent's aristocrats, have begun to abuse their powers. Under the guidance of Big Momma (their boss) Carrot (who turns into a giant monster every time he's placed under a magic spell), Gateau (a bodybuilder), Marron (a mage), Chocolate and Tira (who can transform into dominatrix's at will) must stop the evil sorcerers from picking on the weak; however, none of them (except maybe Marron) have a clue to what's going on.
 On the "Spooner Continent", a valiant group of Sorcerer Hunters are the people's last line of defense against the evil dark magiks unleashed periodically by those who can't control it. Saving the world and looking sexy while doing it!
 On the "Spooner Continent", a valiant group of Sorcerer Hunters are the people's last line of defense against the evil dark magiks unleashed periodically by those who can't control it. Saving the world and looking sexy while doing it!
 Based on the manga by Tetsuhiro Koshita, Bakusou Kyoudai Let's & Go!! has two main seasons evolving around the Go brothers and the TRF Victorys. The third season, Bakusou Kyoudai Let's & Go!! MAX evolves more around two new main characters, but the primary idea is the same... Racing!Let's & Go!! focuses on Retsu and Go Seiba, two young brothers who receive racing cars called "Mini 4WD" by Dr. Tsuchia. From there on, the series portraits those two boys, training and customizing parts to later on participate on Japans Cup, where all of Japan's racers enter to be the best of the best!

 After the first season, Retsu and Go have now formed a team called "TRF Victorys" which Tokichi Mikuni, J, and Ryo Takaba are part of. Together, they aim for the World Cup.In this cup, teams from all over the globe enter. Some of the teams are, NA Astrorangers (Americans), Eisen Wolf (Germans), Rosso Estrada (Italians).
 Thirteen-year-old Tyson Granger (Takao Kinomiya), along with his fellow teammates, Kai Hiwatari, Max Tate (Max Mizuhura), and Ray Kon (Rei Kon), strive to become the greatest Beybladers in the world. With the technical help of the team's resident genius, Kenny (Kyouju), and with the powerful strength of their BitBeasts, the Bladebreakers armed with their tops (AKA
 The Bladebreakers are on a well deserved vacation. But, a hyperactive kid named Daichi continues to pursue Tyson for a rematch after his defeat in the Beyblade World Championships. The Bladebreakers' vacation eventually takes a turn for the worst once they encounter mysterious Beybladers who claim to be the Dark Spirits sealed inside a strange temple. With Daichi under their control, the Shadow Bladers seek to destroy the world with their Dark BitBeasts. Together, Tyson, Max, Ray, and Kai must save not only Daichi... but the world as well...
 The Bladebreakers are on a well deserved vacation. But, a hyperactive kid named Daichi continues to pursue Tyson for a rematch after his defeat in the Beyblade World Championships. The Bladebreakers' vacation eventually takes a turn for the worst once they encounter mysterious Beybladers who claim to be the Dark Spirits sealed inside a strange temple. With Daichi under their control, the Shadow Bladers seek to destroy the world with their Dark BitBeasts. Together, Tyson, Max, Ray, and Kai must save not only Daichi... but the world as well...
 The story follows Shoutarou Futaba, a boy who's fascinated with men's rhythmic gymnastics and enrolled at the Ao High School to join the school's team. The story follows a team of unique seniors and Yoshiya Misato, a classmate who's famous in high school rhythmic gymnastics tournaments, who run together toward one goal.
 Follow-up anime film for Bakuten!!
 Akira Akebono, a young boy who is competing in a robot tournament where many of the robots are capable of transforming into animal forms. Akira wants to win the ultimate prize, the Titan Belt, with the help of his group of robots, all of which are capable of forming into the robot Daigunder. Daigunder is the creation of Akira's father, Professor Hajime Akebono. Together with a girl named Haruka, they compete under the name of Team Akira. However, Team Akira faces opposition from not only their competition, but a robot named Ginzan who is under the control of the evil Professor Maelstrom.
 In the magical underwater world, there is a mysterious and charming place called Hai Ying Bao. When human girls Ling Haijun and Xia Fan accidentally met the Princess of the Icy Blue City, Nahiya, they transform from ordinary girls into magic fairies.
 Any network runs all over the world, and the development of the information network reaches its acme. In this age, there are two developed worlds; "the real world" and "wired", or the virtual network world.Soma Toru belongs to a hacking group, Steppen Wolf, which runs around the network world freely. They attack the database of the UN forces as their last work. During this attack, he loses Nonomura Yuya, his friend as well as the team leader. Toru is arrested by the army. In exchange for letting him free, he has to work for an anti-hacker organization, the first squad of the UN Security Force Information Administration Bureau.Working for them, he is looking for the person who killed his friend, while the other members also have their own reason to fight.The three-way fights of the terrorist group, the security enterprise, and the army, continue every day. The various events occurred during the fight seem to be independent of each other at the first glance, but they're converging on one event as if they were attracted by something.Based on the game by GIGA.
 Any network runs all over the world, and the development of the information network reaches its acme. In this age, there are two developed worlds; "the real world" and "wired", or the virtual network world.Soma Toru belongs to a hacking group, Steppen Wolf, which runs around the network world freely. They attack the database of the UN forces as their last work. During this attack, he loses Nonomura Yuya, his friend as well as the team leader. Toru is arrested by the army. In exchange for letting him free, he has to work for an anti-hacker organization, the first squad of the UN Security Force Information Administration Bureau.Working for them, he is looking for the person who killed his friend, while the other members also have their own reason to fight.The three-way fights of the terrorist group, the security enterprise, and the army, continue every day. The various events occurred during the fight seem to be independent of each other at the first glance, but they're converging on one event as if they were attracted by something.Based on the game by GIGA.
 A professional dancer named Sengoku rescues Tatara, an introverted third-year middle school student who is being harassed by delinquents. Tatara ends up at Sengoku's dance studio where he meets Shizuku Hanaoka, a schoolmate he comes to secretly idolize. From this defining moment when Tatara enters the world of dance. Sengoku is a free-spirited, dynamic international dancer who recognizes Tatara's potential and begins to coach him. Through dance, Tatara meets another schoolmate, a dance prodigy named Kiyoharu. Through these new friendships, Tatara develops a passionate desire to improve as a dancer and be accepted by his peers and rivals, which nurtures his own native talent. And through interaction with Tatara, other dance members are encouraged to take steps to overcome their own challenges and issues.
 Bamboo-Lee, Dah-Lee, and Slo-Lee are three bears with a goal
 Toraji Ishida is a high school kendo teacher. His friend and fellow kendo teacher makes him a bet
 Kojirou is the kendo instructor for Muroe High School and he's totally broke. But then an unexpected chance is given to him
 Bananya is a mysterious cat who hides inside a banana. Bananya lives undercover inside a real banana, and no-one has ever seen the part covered by banana skin...When nobody is around, Bananya secretly plays and creates mischief. Bananya likes to play and eat sweet things. Bananya's dream is to become a stylish chocolate banana.
 Above a nondescript kitchen counter quietly hangs a bunch of ripe, yellow bananas. Suddenly, one of the slender fruits begins to shake, gently at first but slowly increasing in ferocity until it tears itself away from the rest. With a graceful landing, the long and curvy edible gradually rolls back its golden peels, revealing what lies beneath its firm covering to be... a cat?This mysterious feline-fruit hybrid is named Bananya. Carefree and gentle, the adorable creature dreams of one day becoming a luscious bananya bathed in chocolate. Together with his fellow bananya, this kitten cloaked in yellow passes its days without a care in the world, enjoying a rather calm and peaceful existence as it experiences what the world has to offer.
 Sequel of Bananya.
 On a little planet live little creatures called "Bananyas." Come watch their daily lifes full of adventures and discoveries.
 Since she was very young, Kasumi Toyama has always been searching for the "Star Beat", a sparkling and exciting sound she heard while looking up at the night sky. Just after getting into high school, Kasumi comes across a "star-shaped guitar" in the storage area of an old pawn shop. Feeling a rush and excitement she has never felt before, Kasumi teams up with four other girls and embarks on a journey to seek out the shiny place. We promise to perform a live here!
 "Housing Complex C" centers around Kimi, who lives in a small, low-cost housing complex located in the seaside town of Kurosaki. Trouble seems to follow her wherever she goes, and horrific incidents begin to occur. Is an ancient evil stalking the residents of Housing Complex C?
 "Housing Complex C" centers around Kimi, who lives in a small, low-cost housing complex located in the seaside town of Kurosaki. Trouble seems to follow her wherever she goes, and horrific incidents begin to occur. Is an ancient evil stalking the residents of Housing Complex C?
 The Japanese government was rescued from the brink of financial collapse by the Sovereign Wealth Fund. For its citizens, however, life has not improved and unemployment, crime, suicide, and despair are rampant. Kimimaro, raised by his maternal aunt after the disappearance of his father and the death of his mother, is a scholarship student whose only dream is to live a stable, ordinary life. One day he meets a man who offers him a large sum of money if he will allow his "future" to be held as collateral. From then on his fate is radically altered as he's drawn into a mysterious realm known as the Financial District, where he must compete in weekly tournaments called "deals" in order to keep his money and avoid losing his future.
 Noera is heading to work after drinking all night with a friend when he meets Marcia, a young biker heading towards Los Angeles. They abruptly get involved in a car chase and Marcia ends up retrieving a locked metal box from one of the pursued vehicles. Within it, a dark sphere. Many people want the orb at any cost forcing Noera and Marcia to desperately run away while trying to figure out what exactly is the strange object they are carrying.
 5.29Ranked #10216Popularity #5602Members 7,398OVAAICAdd to List(7) GoodEpisodes
 Campion is anime about Kusanagi Godo is a 16-year-old high school boy and Erica Brandelli is a 16-year-old Italian girl. They fight together to defeat Verethragna.Campion is anime about Kusanagi Godo is a 16-year-old high school boy and Erica Brandelli is a 16-year-old Italian girl. They fight together to defeat Verethragna.When was just 15 years old, Godo killed the god “Verethragna” and get the title of “Campione (god killer)”.Erica is a “Great Knight” of the magic society “Bronze Black Cross”.After getting  title of “Campione”, Godo have to in battles against other Campiones and uncontrollable gods.
 Some people suddenly find religion, but for 16-year-old Kusanagi GoDo, it's that REALLY old time religion that's found him! As the result of defeating the God of War in mortal combat, GoDo's stuck with the unwanted position of Campione!, or God Slayer, whose duty is to fight Herectical Gods whenever they try to muscle in on the local turf. Not only is this likely to make GoDo roadkill on the Highway to Heaven, it's also a job that comes with a lot of other problems. Like how to deal with the fact that his "enhanced status" is attracting a bevy of overly-worshippy female followers. After all, they're just there to aid him in his demi-godly duties, right? So why is it that their leader, the demonically manipulative sword-mistress Erica Brandelli, seems to have such a devilish interest in encouraging some VERY unorthodox activities?
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The modern-day story centers on a present-day story about a detective, a young man, a virus researcher, a, and a cat mascot character who are brought together in the Tokyo neighborhood of Shibuya by bizarre events with worldwide implications.
 Oosawa Maria is a Japanese photographer currently working in Shanghai, China. Along with her partner Mino, she searches for potential newsworthy stories throughout the city. When strange events occur at a local festival, Maria and Mino immediately investigate. Quickly, the two are immersed in a battle between unknown masked men and a strange, white-haired woman. Just when Maria is about to be caught in the crossfire, an old friend by the name of Canaan appears and helps Maria escape. But a sinister plot over a deadly virus soon develops, and Canaan learns she must confront her past if she wants any chance at stopping the perpetrator and saving her friends.
 Mika Katagiri wants her band to perform at the upcoming local festival. However, complications arise. Their keyboardist, Jun, refuses to play, and their stage has been cancelled. Refusing to give up, Mika and her band strive to find a way to play at the festival, using any means necessary.
 Yukino and Kanade Sakurai live together as high school students enjoying their daily life; until one day Sakuya Kamiyama confess her love for Kanade to Yukino, asking for her support. This makes Yukino to release her true feelings for her sister.
 Yukino and Kanade Sakurai live together as high school students enjoying their daily life; until one day Sakuya Kamiyama confess her love for Kanade to Yukino, asking for her support. This makes Yukino to release her true feelings for her sister.
 This story is about a girl, Candy, who is a orphan. She is a nice and optimistic girl and she has a warm heart. When she was a child, she lived in an orphanage called Pony's Home. She had a good friend called Annie. And she met the "Prince of the Hill" who is a important person in her life, on the hill behind the orphanage.She was adopted by the Leagan's family. What's awaiting her are the bad-hearted Neil and his sister, Eliza. One day, in the rose garden, she met a boy, who is identical to the "Prince of the Hill" who she had met in her childhood. The boy is called Anthony. Thereafter, a fantastic story that she has never expected begins.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis\
 Explore the fantastic land of Gearbolt as we follow a motley crew of travelers on an unforgettable journey to reunite 2 best friends. S.A.M. is a high-end, friendship robot determined to reunite with her best friend Kelby, the missing heir to her Kingdom under siege. Casey Turnbuckle is an out-dated, spunky grease-monkey repair robot, looking for an upgrade. Philly the Kid is a wanted, immortal fugitive just looking for a chance to shake them. Along for the ride is the greatest swordsman never known and an oversized Cadillac Eldorado that transforms into a sentient, giant robot. On their own, they're a lost cause. Together, they're the hippest group of travelers in action-fantasy.
 Explore the fantastic land of Gearbolt as we follow a motley crew of travelers on an unforgettable journey to reunite 2 best friends. S.A.M. is a high-end, friendship robot determined to reunite with her best friend Kelby, the missing heir to her Kingdom under siege. Casey Turnbuckle is an out-dated, spunky grease-monkey repair robot, looking for an upgrade. Philly the Kid is a wanted, immortal fugitive just looking for a chance to shake them. Along for the ride is the greatest swordsman never known and an oversized Cadillac Eldorado that transforms into a sentient, giant robot. On their own, they're a lost cause. Together, they're the hippest group of travelers in action-fantasy.
 The anime centers around a boy named Kouta Kouka (Kouka Kouta in Japanese name order, an apparent wordplay on Coca-Cola). Kouta strives to be the world's best Bottle King at the Bottle Battles in the virtual Drink World. He comes across his Bottleman partner Colamaru and then wages battles with various rivals.
 The anime centers around a boy named Kouta Kouka (Kouka Kouta in Japanese name order, an apparent wordplay on Coca-Cola). Kouta strives to be the world's best Bottle King at the Bottle Battles in the virtual Drink World. He comes across his Bottleman partner Colamaru and then wages battles with various rivals.
 Second season of Cap Kakumei Bottleman.

 n the blink of an eye, high school student Taku Shimamura finds himself transported to the bizarre world of Slaffleaze, where intelligent creatures govern and the ruling class, led by the villainous Zolba, is plotting the invasion of the world they know as Capricorn, the Earth. Joining together with the oppressed Slaffleaze peasants, Taku must find a way to stop Zolba`s dark forces before the way to the unsuspecting Earth is opened. In order to do so, he must first gain the love and trust of the last of the Yappie, the ancestral guardians of Slaffeaze. This is a task that will take more than a little courage and daring, for the last Yappie is not just a cute young female, she`s also a dragon.
 An original mecha anime by the team that made Star Driver. One night right before summer vacation, Daichi Manatsu, a second-year in high school, sees a weird round rainbow floating in the sky above Seed Island (Shuushi/Tane Island) and ventures there alone. He has seen this rainbow before. With the memories of his father's mysterious death and an encounter of a mysterious boy and girl, Daiji arrives on the island while the alarm of a building labeled "Earth Engine" is going off. Someone asks him "Are you a captain?" just as robotic intruders from Uranus called "Kiltgang" arrive. The battle around the shining stars is about to begin.
 Curtis Newton, aka Captain Future, is an orphan. His parents died in their artificial satellite while he was an infant. His father was a scientist, who has abandoned earth for the satellite to dedicate his life for science along with his aging friend the genius Dr Simon Wright. Wright senses his death, and decides to implant his brain in a mechanical container. They both manufactured a superior robot and an android. Captain future dedicated his life to fight evil along with his three men, the brain, android, and robot.
 A CGI remake of the original Captain Harlock series.Captain Harlock rebelled against the Allied Forces and has been plundering space ships for one hundred years. Why did he rebel? How does he survive for one hundred years? With awe and fear of the legendary captain, the Allied Forces issues an order to assassinate Harlock.
 Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing soccer at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession.In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd.He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it.
 The last Captain Tsubasa movie is about the match between Japan and Holland. After the Japanese team lost two games against this apparently supreme opponent, their confidence is at its lowest point and even Hyuga, having a hurt leg, is desperate. Thus the management tries everything to convince Wakabayashi (living in Germany) and Tsubasa (living in Brazil) to come to Holland and to help them, but both deny. Only in the second half of the third game Tsubasa appears and joins the team, giving them back their confidence and strength. With Tsubasa Ozora as their captain again, the last game ends 11
 Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession. In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd.He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it.
 Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession.In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd.He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it.
 The first 33 episodes are a summary of the previous series. In the first new episodes a new character, Shingo Aoi, (playing in Italy) is introduced. After that the world cup begins, this time with extraordinary, new countries like Sweden, Thailand or Uzbekistan. Unfortunately the Anime ends in the middle of the world cup after the match Japan-Uzbekistan.
 The second movie is about the return match between the All Europe Soccer Team and Japan. At the beginning Hyuga denies to join the team due to his 3. defeat against Nankatsu. He practices hard with Kyra to perfect his Tiger Shot. Misaki can't come and Wakabayashi isn't allowed to play for he normally plays for a German team.With those lacks and Schneider's (the European's captain) improved skills, Tsubasa and the Japanese team have grave problems. Despite the new rules, Schneider finally want's to beat his rival Wakabayashi with his new "illusion shot", thus he injures Wakashimazu and Murisaki (the second and third goal keeper) with brutal face shots until Wakabayashi is finally allowed to play. In the course of the match Hyuga manages to perfect his Tiger Shot and joins the team. With those legendary players united and Hyugas new power they manage to defeat their opponent 4
 The firt 36 episodes are remade summaries of the first three series (Captain Tsubasa, Shin CT and CT J)
 Mix Masters is a Korea-Japan co-produced anime series, also known by the name Mix Master
 One day, Kinomoto Sakura, a 4th grader stumbles upon the mysterious book of Clow. Upon opening it and reading the name of The Windy aloud, Sakura scatters the cards to the winds. Sakura is elected and appointed by Keroberos, Guardian of the Cards to capture the remaining cards. With her friend Tomoyo and rival Syaoran, Sakura begins an adventure that will forever change her.
 During an after-school shopping trip, Sakura Kinomoto decides to participate in the Tomoeda Shopping District's year-end lottery, with the grand prize being a round trip to Hong Kong. Surprisingly, she draws the winning ball. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, her older brother Touya, her crush Yukito Tsukishiro, and Keroberos, Sakura heads off to Hong Kong.However, vacation for the Cardcaptor will get cut short. Little does Sakura know, the trip may be connected to her recent, prophetic dreams featuring a mysterious woman and Clow Reed himself, creator of the Clow Cards.
 The January issue of Kodansha's Nakayoshi magazine revealed on December 1 that CLAMP's Cardcaptor Sakura Clear Card-hen sequel manga is getting a television anime series adaptation in January 2018.Fourteen-year-old Sakura starts junior high school along her friends, including Syaoran, who had just returned to Tomoeda. After having a dream with a mysterious cloaked figure, all of Sakura's cards turn blank and are rendered powerless, thus she starts her quest to find out what is wrong. In doing so, Sakura and her allies discover and capture new transparent cards using a new key.
 Fourteen-year-old Sakura starts junior high school along her friends, including Syaoran, who had just returned to Tomoeda. After having a dream with a mysterious cloaked figure, all of Sakura's cards turn blank and are rendered powerless, thus she starts her quest to find out what is wrong. In doing so, Sakura and her allies discover and capture new transparent cards using a new key.(Source
 Fourteen-year-old Sakura starts junior high school along her friends, including Syaoran, who had just returned to Tomoeda. After having a dream with a mysterious cloaked figure, all of Sakura's cards turn blank and are rendered powerless, thus she starts her quest to find out what is wrong. In doing so, Sakura and her allies discover and capture new transparent cards using a new key.
 After the conclusion of the Sakura Card Arc, life is going back to normal. There are no more mysteries, no more disturbances of evil, no more tests of strength. Everyone is moving on with their lives and Sakura feels a sadness in her heart. Even through the goodbyes, Sakura perseveres to keep everyone and a special someone, dear to her heart.
 Kinomoto Sakura, a Card Captor, wins a game of chance and is awarded a trip to Hong Kong, along with her best friend Tomoyo and her rival, Li Syaoran.It turns out that the ancient rival of Clow Reed, the creator of the mysterious and powerful Clow Cards, summoned them, and she's out for revenge. A battle ensues, and secrets are revealed about Clow Reed's shady past and Sakura's connection to him.
 Sakura and her classmates in grade 6-2, are all very busy preparing a play for the Nadesico festival. Even though it's summer holidays, daily rehearsals are keeping everyone very busy. During this time, Sakura unexpectedly runs into Syaoran and Meilin who have suddenly come to visit from Hong Kong.While Syaoran has already expressed his feelings to Sakura, Sakura hasn't had a chance to tell Syaoran her true feelings. Sakura determines to tell Syaoran her true feelings but things always go wrong whenever she tries.Best friend, Tomoyo suggests that she, Syaoran, Meilin and Sakura all go to the new amusement park. Just as Sakura thought she could tell Syaoran her true feelings, both she and Syaoran sense a strangely familiar aura; the aura of the original Clow cards. But all the Clow cards have since been sealed and turned into Sakura cards! Yet, one by one the Sakura cards start to disappear.
 game that was given to him when he was little. That card is the reason why he begins to engage in Card Fights, something that changes his life drastically. The name of the card game is “Vanguard.” The game takes place in a different planet called “Klay,” and due to a never before seen play system, it becomes popular throughout the world. Aichi, immediately attracted by Vanguard, meets friends such as Togura Misaki and Katsuragi Kamui, along with other rivals.Through friendly rivalry with them, Aichi begins to enjoy a fulfilling life. Aichi, however, has a goal
 New Cardfight!! Vanguard.

 Cardfight!! Vanguard features a world where the game Cardfight!! Vanguard is becoming the latest craze among trading card games, becoming a part of everyday life for people all over the world. The game is not limited to Earth alone; battles between the creatures used by the players take place on another planet called Cray.The story begins with Aichi Sendou, a timid middle schooler whose meek attitude often leaves him a target for bullies. Aichi was given a very rare card, "Blaster Blade", when he was very young. It's his one treasure that gives him hope. That is, until it gets taken from him. Although Aichi has never played Cardfight!! Vanguard before, he challenges the thief to a game in order to win the "Blaster Blade" back. This high-stakes game quickly draws Aichi into the world of Vanguard battles, which will test and change his worth as both a player and a person.
 Taking place after a three-year time skip, the series will follow Shindou Kurono, Kiba Shion, and Anjou Tokoha as the new protagonists of G.Kurono uses the never-before-seen clan Gear Chronicle, which brings together the destinies of these three toward an "impossible future, an impossible self signifying 'Generation.'"
 Taking place after a three-year time skip, the series will follow Shindou Kurono, Kiba Shion, and Anjou Tokoha as the new protagonists of G.Kurono uses the never-before-seen clan Gear Chronicle, which brings together the destinies of these three toward an "impossible future, an impossible self signifying 'Generation.'"
 Second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Fourth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Third season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Third season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 The second half of the second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Fourth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 Fourth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard G series.
 The series will explore an alternate universe to the main series, and will focus on Kouji Ibuki, an antagonist in the Cardfight!! Vanguard Movie
 Several days after the mortal battle against Link Joker which embroils the whole world, the world has returned to peace. But Kai Toshiki faces a surprising situation. Sendou Aichi, the hero who saved the world from the invasion of Link Joker, has suddenly disappeared. In addition, everyone's memory about Aichi is lost...Almost all hints have been lost, and Kai starts to search Aichi with "Blaster Blade" and the deck of Royal Paladin, the only existing hint and the proof of their bonds. Kai is approached by fighters who call themselves "Quatre Knights". The four---Gaillard, Neve, Ratie and Sarah---are fighters with world-class power in vanguard fights. They control mysterious power and urge Kai to give up searching Aichi. What is their purpose...!? And what is their relationship with Aichi...!? Kai, with the new power "Legion" in his hand, fights to take Aichi back. Now, the war has begun!
 Yu-yu is a boy living in Kanazawa, Kaga Province. He is 15 years old and in his third year of junior high school. He has the ability to sense the feelings of others, but he is troubled by the fact that he cannot say no when asked.One day, Yu-yu could no longer stand going along with his sister's hobby, so he ran away from home. The one who saves him is Megumi Okura. Megumi invites Yu-yu to a nighttime amusement park called "Wonder Hill" where her friends hang out. At the amusement park, Yu-yu meets Megumi, Zakusa Ishikame, and Tomari Seto, members of "Team Blackout," a group that meets to play Vanguard every night.Tonight, a serious fight for the team's flag will take place. Blackout's leader, Danji Momoyama, and the mysterious and powerful fighter, Touya Ebata. As Yu-yu stares at them, the card fight is soon eroded into a world of images.This is how Yu-yu encounters Vanguard, a world he has never seen before, and is drawn in by its powerful allure- making new friends along the way.
 Yu-yu is a boy living in Kanazawa, Kaga Province. He is 15 years old and in his third year of junior high school. He has the ability to sense the feelings of others, but he is troubled by the fact that he cannot say no when asked.One day, Yu-yu could no longer stand going along with his sister's hobby, so he ran away from home. The one who saves him is Megumi Okura. Megumi invites Yu-yu to a nighttime amusement park called "Wonder Hill" where her friends hang out. At the amusement park, Yu-yu meets Megumi, Zakusa Ishikame, and Tomari Seto, members of "Team Blackout," a group that meets to play Vanguard every night.Tonight, a serious fight for the team's flag will take place. Blackout's leader, Danji Momoyama, and the mysterious and powerful fighter, Touya Ebata. As Yu-yu stares at them, the card fight is soon eroded into a world of images.This is how Yu-yu encounters Vanguard, a world he has never seen before, and is drawn in by its powerful allure- making new friends along the way.
 Second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard
 After the sudden departure of a valuable friend, the future of Team Blackout is now uncertain. Yu-yu Kondou and Megumi Ookura feel frustrated for failing to prevent the inevitable, while the heavily involved Touya Ebata is trying his best to atone for past mistakes that led to this misfortune. But whatever they decide to do next, the members of Team Blackout know that they will always find their way back together through their precious card game, Cardfight Vanguard.
 Third season of Cardfight!! Vanguard
 Four months after the battle at Nagoya Castle, Yu-yu and friends received an invitation to a tournament.That "Deluxe" tournament aims to determine the strongest fighter, bringing together both "Front Fighters" who are active in official tournaments, and hidden powerhouse "Counter Fighters" like "Blackout" that compete against each other for flags.The existing characters from overDress will be competing with new characters from will+Dress such as Raika, Michiru, and Urara, to become the strongest of them all!
 Second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard
 Second season of Cardfight!! Vanguard
 The main protagonist Sendou Aichi, is a timid and mundane third-year middle school boy. The thing that supported Aichi's heart, was the "Blaster Blade" card that he received as a child. It's an important rare card from "Vanguard", a card game with the imaginary world of "Planet Cray" as its stage. From the day he reunited with the person who gave him that card "Toshiki Kai", Aichi's everyday life began to change.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 This anime is based on Takenashi Eri’s Take Moon manga and commemorates Type-Moon’s 10th anniversary. Various characters from Type-Moon’s works such as Kara no Kyoukai, Fate/Stay Night, and Tsukihime are featured in this.
 This anime is based on Takenashi Eri’s Take Moon manga and commemorates Type-Moon’s 10th anniversary. Various characters from Type-Moon’s works such as Kara no Kyoukai, Fate/Stay Night, and Tsukihime are featured in this.
 A DVD-only episode bundled with the special edition Take Moon volume. Caren Ortensia attempts to control the world using money with varying degrees of success, Phantas-Moon receives a movie adaption of her T.V. show, and Shiki is involved in a love plot that spans years.
 A special feature based on a real-time run of the Fate/Hollow Ataraxia Visual Novel's mini-game, Illya's Castle. The key characters' voice actor/actress' participate in live commentary for the duration of the game.
 Fifty years have passed since mankind began migrating to the new frontier
 Fifty years have passed since mankind began migrating to the new frontier
 Short flash animation series of Carole & Tuesday released on the official YouTube and Twitter channels.
 In the Edo or Tokugawa period (1600-1868),Ran,a female wandering samurai whose skill with the katana is only matched by her taste for sake (rice wine),is joined by a chinese martial artist who calls herself Lady Meow of the Iron Cat Fist.Together,these two women face antagonists of all kinds.[!] Report this episodeGenre
 In the distant future, where cyborgs and humans struggle to survive after the war which destroyed the world, a being in white suit awakens. His name is Casshern and he remembers nothing of his own past. In barren and dark dystopian world, where every being alive seems to hate his existence and the evil from his past wants him dead, Casshern, haunted by the flashes of his past memories has to survive and figure out who or what exactly he is and how he got to where he is now. But he does not know that he might not like the horrible truth of the past, hidden deep inside his mind...Created as an intended reboot of Casshern franchise.
 In the near future, robot technology has advanced to the point of self-awareness. Under the leadership of the "Black King," machines have decimated the human population and conquered the world. Those who survived the early holocaust have been enslaved for life. But throughout the hardships, a lone hero appears as the savior of mankind. He is Casshan - a fusion of man and machine driven to combat Black King and his forces to the end.
 In the near future, robot technology has advanced to the point of self-awareness. Under the leadership of the "Black King," machines have decimated the human population and conquered the world. Those who survived the early holocaust have been enslaved for life. But throughout the hardships, a lone hero appears as the savior of mankind. He is Casshan - a fusion of man and machine driven to combat Black King and his forces to the end.
 A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly creatures controlled by Dracula.
 A vampire hunter fights to save a besieged city from an army of otherworldly creatures controlled by Dracula.
 Castlevania is a web series based on the 1989 video game Castlevania III
 Castlevania is a web series based on the 1989 video game Castlevania III
 Season 3 of Castlevania
 Season 3 of Castlevania
 Castlevania Season 4.
 Castlevania Season 4.
 Packy and Botasky are members of a private military company, a new form of mercenary system. Somewhere on a desert region, they are on a rescue mission and due to the circumstances they must enter combat immediately.
 This bold account follows the brave exploits of Sergeant "Packy" Perkins and his unit... of rabbits! Join Packy and Private "Bota" Botasky as they resolve an Iranian hostage crisis. Watch these commando-style bunnies through an anthropomorphic lens as events unfold and violence erupts.Note
 The war against terrorism has gone private. War has always been a profitable business, so having private corporations field their own armies to fight against terrorism is just good business. Who else could protect those innocent bunnies from the religiously fervent turbaned camel fanatics.It falls upon a small cadre of seasoned furry rabbit soldiers to take the battle to the camel's home turf.Derived from a popular Vietnam-conflict based manga series called Apocalypse Meow , this sequel series uses animal characters to tell the story of the war against terrorism fought in distant countries. Non-human cast of characters notwithstanding, this compelling and painstakingly-researched work places an emphasis on factualism in order to accurately portray the weapons and tactics used by soldiers.
 Xiachu was suffered from anguish after she was betrayed by her relatives and friends. She made up her mind to change her future and she went to a university in America. During the tough three years, Liuqing sent many killers to kill her. Fortunately, she met Xiaoyang. They established a company and they supported each other. Three years later, she return her country to revenge as an exchange student when she heard that Sheng Zhengxiu and Nan Ruoqiu are getting engaged.
 In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other inhabitants of the city. Catman dares to be bold
 In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other inhabitants of the city. Created entirely in flash, with no spoken dialog, Catman instead speaks in English and Japanese subtitles. The series is spread across three so-called 'seasons', with only the third having been aired.
 In a city filled with anthropomorphic cat-people, Catman lives free of rules and boundaries, doing everything he wants, which often collides with the other iinhabitants of the city. Created entirely in flash, with no spoken dialog, Catman instead speaks in English and Japanese subtitles. The series is spread across three so-called 'seasons', with only the third having been aired.
 Various characters from Go Nagai works including Devil Man, Mazinger, and Violence Jack, become trapped in a parody world where they all be come super deformed. They get trapped in this mishmash, fighting each other and are trying to figure a way back to their own world.
 Informational mini anime posted on the anime's official Twitter and HJ Bunko/HJ Novel's official YouTube channel.
 Through a hole in the sky a huge monster suddenly appears, landing on top of a building, prompting the Defence Forces to go into action, panicking the citizens of this peaceful city.Yuki, a brave-hearted and naturally inquisitive girl, stumbles into a secret. Her recent acquaintance Tetsu has been raising a strange shape-changing creature called Cenco, that he can telepathically control. Yuki, instantly becomes fascinated by Tetsu and quickly develops a bond with his pet.Then a mysterious boy appears with control over the huge monster threatening the town, and he wants Cenco. With that, an unexpected battle begins...
 Director Atsuya Uki announced on the opening day of the Cencoroll Connect film screenings in Tokyo that production on the Cencoroll 3 sequel has been green-lit. He also presented a teaser still from the upcoming sequel.
 The sequel to Cencoroll.
 Himeno is a sweet, shy little centaur girl. In her world, everyone seems to be a supernatural creature, and all her classmates have some kind of horns, wings, tails, halos, or other visible supernatural body part. Despite their supernatural elements, Himeno and her best friends, Nozomi and Kyouko, have a fun and mostly normal daily school life!
 Himeno is a sweet, shy little centaur girl. In her world, everyone seems to be a supernatural creature, and all her classmates have some kind of horns, wings, tails, halos, or other visible supernatural body part. Despite their supernatural elements, Himeno and her best friends, Nozomi and Kyouko, have a fun and mostly normal daily school life!
 Tigresa's childhood friend, Leo, suddenly returned and proposed to her. To get rid of him, Tigresa's wonderful life ended and she started working in a company. By chance, she caught the CEO's attention ... Come see what our heroine's passionate life would be like!
 To become my woman, He Qiaoyan, you must fulfill these three conditions
 54 AD. Cestus, a young boy orphaned by the Roman empire and made a slave, is placed into a training school for pugilists. It is here that he begins his journey to defy fate and fight for his own freedom.
 A TV anime adaptation of the mobile game Chain Chronicle.
 A TV anime adaptation of the mobile game Chain Chronicle.
 Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...
 Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...
 Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...
 An anime adaptation of the game for mobile devices Chain Chronicle.Features eight short episodes that introduces the story, setting, and characters.
 The series follows the antics of tenth-grade student Eisaku Yazawa who wants to become a bousouzoku, a motorcycle gang member.
 This anime is based on a 1999 radio drama about three very different girls
 In Japan, one of the greatest idol singers of the time is the beautiful and talented Reika. Her three greatest followers are a varied bunch
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Dr. Saotome returns from the dead after being seemingly murdered by Getter pilot Nagare Ryoma and threatens the world with his ultimate creation
 Dr. Saotome returns from the dead after being seemingly murdered by Getter pilot Nagare Ryoma and threatens the world with his ultimate creation

 Dinghei, the great inventor of the Shenhe galaxy, was the first to study the supernatural genetic engineering. He created the greatest God of Time.Dinghei and the God of Time brought the scientific concept of Super God Gene to all other civilizations in the universe and established Super Theological Academy. The prerequisite for Supershen Genetic Engineering is that the civilization has undergone nuclear baptism and has preliminary evolution and technological knowledge.The two most important technological concepts are
 For a while, I (the author) was obsessed with the universe and time theory of the great physicist Hawking, unable to extricate myself. Later, I got this proposition "Super Seminary", and at the same time I played the game of League of Legends, so I expanded my endless imagination of the universe and the future. Perhaps "Super Seminary" did not follow any modern sci-fi and fantasy formats and routines, but did its own dream without any scruples, a dream similar to the Chinese dream of anime. Let us start with the defense of the earth and slowly Let’s explore people and the future. Super Theological Seminary mainly tells the sci-fi/fantasy stories of God and the future in 4 quarters. The first quarter focuses on how the earth’s people build and train a strong company that can withstand future threats. The second quarter The theme is placed on the aircraft carrier Juxia, starting a magnificent battle to defend the earth. In the third quarter, heroes will emerge around troubled times to tell the heroic story of every mature soldier company.(translated from douban)
 In the third season, heroes emerge around troubled times to tell the heroic story of every mature soldier company(translated from douban)
 The gods and demons came to the earth at the same time. They drove a huge spaceship and launched a fierce attack on the earth. Since then, the world has been changed in the flames of war. A male company wearing black armor will shoulder the responsibility of resisting invasion. They inherited the super genes of higher civilizations and grew up on the earth, protecting mankind and guarding world peace.
 The stage is Shibuya.When Ryuuhei Oda was in elementary school, he admired his kind older brother. Ryuuhei, who witnessed the mysterious death of his brother, is now a cheerful high schooler who doesn't let the lurking nightmare surrounding faze him. One day, while kickboxing, he's bitten by a mysterious creature named Tris and has an unusual dream.He confronts his twisted desires as rumored "Drops" fly through the streets. What does he see beyond that?
 To follow in his missing friend Masato's footsteps, Ryo joined the vehicle company Yaesu. Ryo became involved with the Makuhari test course that Masato was also a part of. The leader, Gray Gear, told Ryo, "If you want to know about Masato, come to the test course late at night and ride the new machine."When Ryo got in the new machine, the Vector Versus, and rode it around the course, he was able to exceed 300 kilometers per hour and suddenly warped into a mysterious space!
 Bundled with the ninth special-edition volume of D-Frag! manga.The DVD adapted the popular Shrine Water arc
 Hatsune-Jima was once well-known for its cherry trees, which would bloom no matter what time of year it was. Two years ago, the island's cherry trees lost this ability and all became ordinary cherry trees that bloom only in the spring. Jun'ichi Asakura is now a graduating senior at Kazami Academy, and is surrounded by many close friends, old and new alike. On a stormy summer day, a mysterious young girl, Aisia, arrives at Jun'ichi's door. She is looking for Sakura's grandmother to study magic, ultimately hoping to bring happiness to everyone. When she discovers that grandmother Yoshino had long since passed away, she joyfully assumes (thanks to his error in judgment) that Jun'ichi is able to teach her. Even though she finally understands that the only magic he's capable of is conjuring Japanese confections, Aisia continues her search for magic on Hatsune-Jima. Amid the chaos of her search, Kazami Academy hires new medical staff.
 Toward the end of the 19th century, Allen Walker officially joins the organization of Exorcists that destroy the beings known as Akuma; mechanic weapons made by the Millennium Earl with the suffering souls of the dead. Allen has both a cursed eye and an anti-Akuma weapon as an arm, bearing the power of "Innocence," a gift given to him as an apostle of God. Allen, along with his fellow Exorcists must put a stop to the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot that could lead to the destruction of the world and all who live on it.
 Toward the end of the 19th century, Allen Walker officially joins the organization of Exorcists that destroy the beings known as Akuma; mechanic weapons made by the Millennium Earl with the suffering souls of the dead. Allen has both a cursed eye and an anti-Akuma weapon as an arm, bearing the power of "Innocence," a gift given to him as an apostle of God. Allen, along with his fellow Exorcists must put a stop to the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot that could lead to the destruction of the world and all who live on it.
 DICE (DNA Integrated Cybernetic Enterprises) is a large organization established to deal with problems in the Sarbylion galaxy. DICE F-99 is the only unit comprised entirely of children.When a problem arises, DICE is called to the rescue. And when their special training and skills aren`t enough, they rely on their Dinobreakers, which can transform from Vehicle Mode to Dino Mode, to help get the job done!Always on call, always on alert - DICE is ready for action!
 Niwa Daisuke is your average teenager, until his fourteenth birthday. He tries to declare his love to the girl of his dreams, but fails. Suddenly, whenever he thinks about this girl he turns into the legendary phantom thief known as Dark. Daisuke's mother, very much aware of this, makes him turn into Dark and steal valuable works of art for a purpose unknown to Daisuke. As the story unfolds, he learns why, and about his classmate who seems to have the same ability.
 Niwa Daisuke is your average teenager, until his fourteenth birthday. He tries to declare his love to the girl of his dreams, but fails. Suddenly, whenever he thinks about this girl he turns into the legendary phantom thief known as Dark Mousy. Daisuke's mother, very much aware of this, makes him turn into Dark and steal valuable works of art for a purpose unknown to Daisuke. As the story unfolds, he learns why, and about his classmate who seems to have the same ability
 Second season of D4DJ.
 A new media mix project by Bushiroad.
 Aired within the D4DJ Photon Maiden TV program.
 A special episode focusing on the story of Merm4id and Rondo, including a new, joint performance by the two groups.
 A new media mix project by Bushiroad.
 This two episode OVA retelling of the first Da Capo series with the "what if" Asakura Jun'ichi were to return Shirakawa Kotori's feelings.
 The undying sakura trees return. The story once again takes place on Hatsunejima, but is set 53 years after the events of D.C. and D.C.S.S.. Although some characters will probably look a bit familiar to the initiated eye, the cast is a new one. The two new main protagonists are the Asakura sisters Yume and Otome, who are the granddaughters of Jun'ichi and Nemu from the first season.
 The snow is falling onto the ever-blossoming cherry blossom trees. Sakurai Yoshiyuki and Tsukishima Koko have gotten over their failed relationship and are now able to exchange smiles and friendly words as classmates.As the school's Christmas Party draws near, a new story begins, a story of the ties Yoshiyuki has with Asakura Otome and Yume, a story of happiness and hope.However, Yoshino Sakura alone has a clouded expression, knowing as she does that a disaster is imminent. No matter how happy the dream may be, the dreamer must eventually wake.How will this disaster affect Yoshiyuki and the others?
 Yoshino Kiyotaka dreams of a girl standing next to a cherry tree, calling his name, but is awoken by Katsuragi Himeno in the Official Newspaper Club, surrounded by the other club members Morizono Rikka, Yoshino Charles, Rukawa Sara, and Hinomoto Aoi. The current topic of discussion
 Two years have passed on the peaceful island of Hatsune. One evening a mysterious girl appears on Asakura Jun'ichi's doorstep, looking for Jun'ichi's grandmother, who only recently died. Since she has nowhere to go, Jun'ichi decides to take her in. When Asakura Nemu, Jun'ichi's non-blood-related sister, returns after two years of study at Nursing College, she is very much surprised to find her brother living under the same roof with this new girl. Nemu now works as trainee at Kazami Academy's infirmary, Jun'ichi's school. A few months later, Yoshino Sakura, also gone for two years, returns.But who is this new girl and what connection does she have to the ever-blooming sakura on Hatsune Island?
 Based on the D.C.S.G. game/manga.The story takes place 2 years after the happenings in the first series. A new, mysterious girl appears and attaches herself to Jun'ichi. Who is this new girl and which connection does she have to the Sakura on Hatsune Island.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season of Da Li Si Rizhi.

 Second season of Da Wang Bu Gaoxing.
 This is the story of an orphan, Lu Shu. He is not any regular orphan, but a metahuman experiencing the changes in himself, his country and the world during the dawn of the magical era. Watch as Lu Shu embarks on a journey to hone his peculiar abilities together with his sister, the adorable and charismatic Lu Xiaoyu. Along the way, they’ll encounter supernatural events, obstacles and even the most powerful people in their country. How will Lu Shu make the best of his abilities and oust his never-ending list of rivals and opponents?
 In an old mythical world, there reside spirit-like beings who oversee the natural order of the mortal realm. One of them, a young girl named Chun, has just come of age and must undergo her rite of passage by experiencing the human world for herself. While there, she gets caught in a fishing net during a storm and is rescued by a human boy.However, the boy ends up drowning during the incident, and Chun returns to her realm full of guilt. Afterwards, she meets the Soul Keeper and decides to revive the boy in exchange for a part of her lifespan. Little does she know, meddling with the natural order of the world has severe consequences.Da Yu Hai Tang is a story about sacrifice and redemption as Chun comes to terms with the limitations of her powers and deals with death, love, and her own emotions. She must decide if she will sacrifice everything to save the human boy or forsake her moral obligation for the order of the world.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The Great Thousand World. It is a place where numerous planes intersect, a place where many clans live and a place where a group of lords assemble. The Heavenly Sovereigns appear one by one from the Lower Planes and they will all display a legend that others would desire as they pursue the road of being a ruler in this boundless world. In the Endless Fire Territory that the Flame Emperor controls, thousands of fire blazes through the heavens. Inside the Martial Realm, the power of the Martial Ancestor frightens the heaven and the earth.
 Story is about the girl Jang Geum who wants to be a cook. She gets accepted as a palace servant. Clever and cheerful Jang Geum quickly finds friends. But all to soon she encounters intrigue and corruption.
 Second season of Jang Geum's Dream.
 Shikada Kokonotsu's father owns a rural sweets shop, and his plan is for Kokonotsu to take it over one day. However, Kokonotsu wants to be a manga author instead! One day in summer, the cute but weird girl Shidare Hotaru, from the famous sweets company, comes to pay a visit. Apparently, Kokonotsu's father is famous and she wants him to join her family's company. However, he will only agree if she can convince Kokonotsu to take over the family business!
 Out in the countryside stands a sweet shop run by the Shikada family for nine generations
 Second season of Dagashi Kashi.
 Second season of Dagashi Kashi.
 Rookie Jianghu and swordsman Xiao Yao Sheng have defeated the baby-eater that caused Chang'an, but they now find themselves falling into a bigger mystery. They traveled to the distant Spirit Beast Village and met the beautiful Demon Fox Girl, the Bone Elves, and people of all kinds inhabiting rivers and lakes along the way. They gained growth and friendship, but are now entangled in a greater crisis
 A warrior named Da Hufa goes to save his prince from a dystopian village. He finds the dystopian village ruled by a fake God and his guards. In order to save the prince, Da hufa has to defeat the God and his men and discloses the whole conspiracy.
 Punie is next in line to become queen of Magical Land. However, she must spend a year on Earth before she can inherit the throne, so she transfers into a school in Japan. She's usually a sweet and gentle girl... that is unless someone does something to displease her, then she'll drop the act. She won't hesitate to whip out her magic stick and cheerfully rain bloody destruction down on the hapless fool, or barring that, simply use wrestling moves she calls "Submission" to punish them. Accompanied by her animal mascot Paya-tan, who makes regular attempts on her life (still bitter about being defeated and then forcibly recruited from Waku Waku Mascot Village), and forced to fend off random attacks by various people from her Kingdom who all have different reasons for wanting her dead, she must complete this year of training on Earth without fail.
 Punie is next in line to become queen of Magical Land. However, she must spend a year on Earth before she can inherit the throne, so she transfers into a school in Japan. She's usually a sweet and gentle girl... that is unless someone does something to displease her, then she'll drop the act. She won't hesitate to whip out her magic stick and cheerfully rain bloody destruction down on the hapless fool, or barring that, simply use wrestling moves she calls "Submission" to punish them. Accompanied by her animal mascot Paya-tan, who makes regular attempts on her life (still bitter about being defeated and then forcibly recruited from Waku Waku Mascot Village), and forced to fend off random attacks by various people from her Kingdom who all have different reasons for wanting her dead, she must complete this year of training on Earth without fail.
 Plot Summary
 Akira Akebono, a young boy who is competing in a robot tournament where many of the robots are capable of transforming into animal forms. Akira wants to win the ultimate prize, the Titan Belt, with the help of his group of robots, all of which are capable of forming into the robot Daigunder. Daigunder is the creation of Akira's father, Professor Hajime Akebono. Together with a girl named Haruka, they compete under the name of Team Akira. However, Team Akira faces opposition from not only their competition, but a robot named Ginzan who is under the control of the evil Professor Maelstrom.
 Earth is still in danger
 Earth is still in danger
 Jun, his female companion, Remi, and her little brother, Chobi, are taken to the Cretaceous Period by a flying saucer.
 It starts off in a familiar sort of way. Mankind has got it's collective act together enough to build a high energy physics lab. And, barring the collective howls from anyone who'd want to work on it, have built it on a featureless island in the middle of some ocean. This lab procedes to discover a new sub-atomic energy source which, being humans, we turn into an energy beam weapon and mount on a satellite. We also test it on a spare aircraft carrier. And while the weapon is more successful it also causes a strange black vortex to occur, from which emerges a huge and strange statue. An on-site mini-submarine crew, against their own wishes for self preservation, are ordered to grab a sample.
 The third of Tadao Nagahama's Romance Super Robot Trilogy. (#1
 The conflicting fates of human beings and wild animals are depicted in a naturalistic setting. The main character of the story is Fang, who was born to a hunting dog and a circus-runaway European wolf. Although Fang was raised by a human family, he is a wild animal after all, and is destined to live amongst nature. The story reaches its climax when Fang returns from the circus and faces his foe, a giant brown bear which killed his family.
 When Jackie Rhodes, a british girl living in Kenya with her family, finds an ill animal called a Bushbaby, she adopts him, calls him Murphy and nurses him back to health. Murphy, Jackie, her family and their friends go on many adventures involving wild animals, poachers and more. But when Jackie's father is recalled to England, Jackie must leave her life in Africa behind. However, before she can go, Jackie, Murphy and Tembo, a friend of Jackie's father, go on one last adventure
 When Jackie Rhodes, a british girl living in Kenya with her family, finds an ill animal called a Bushbaby, she adopts him, calls him Murphy and nurses him back to health. Murphy, Jackie, her family and their friends go on many adventures involving wild animals, poachers and more. But when Jackie's father is recalled to England, Jackie must leave her life in Africa behind. However, before she can go, Jackie, Murphy and Tembo, a friend of Jackie's father, go on one last adventure
 The story is set at Shiomi Academy, a vast, prestigious academy with a Daitoshokan (literally, "great library") that rivals Japan's national library. As a member of the Library Club, Kyoutarou Kakei goes to Daitoshokan to enjoy reading by himself. He then meets a second-year girl named Tsugumi Shirasaki through the efforts of a so-called "shepherd" who fulfills people's wishes. Eventually, more girls join the club thanks to the "shepherd."
 Picture Drama episodes bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes.Sakuraba tries to draw Shirasaki, and things take a turn for the ecchi.
 With their school's pool opening the next day, Iria schemes up the idea to hold a swimsuit contest. With Lisara, Mina, Quele, and Iria herself all participating in the event.
 The story follows Ani, a princess from the minor nation of Inako. Ani is sent to the signing ceremony that will bring peace to the rival nations of Mildonia, a mighty military country, and Selenfaren, a powerful theocracy. Ani is supposed to help steer the signing ceremony along, but she runs into trouble when she encounters a handful of obstinate princes.
 Uruno, a useless wolf, is on the road searching for a new place to call home. He soon comes upon a whole forest full of "useless animals"-- that is, animals that don't live up to their species' usual character. After a short fight with the smoking, bad-tempered rabbit, Usahara, Uruno decides that he wants to move on... but changes his mind upon meeting Chiiko, a clumsy cheetah girl. It's love at first sight for Uruno, and after deciding to stay for her, he continues to hope that even though he's a good-for-nothing, he'll win her over someday. That is, if living with the other strange residents of the forest-- including the aformentioned smoking rabbit, a sake-drinking unicorn, a near-sighted eagle, an orca that cannot swim, and a shy pegasus --doesn't get to him first.
 Dandoh was playing a baseball game with friends Yuka and Kohei and hits a wild fly ball which crashes into the principal's potted plants. Rather than getting mad, the principal admires Dandoh's swing and introduces him to the world of golf. It's now an adventure in golf as Dandoh is under the watchful eye of a former pro-golfer. They enter a tournament together and play for a shot at the national championships.


 In 2046, a revolutionary 80% shock-absorbing reinforced cardboard has been developed, rapidly transforming the world's exports. The reinforced cardboard would soon become the battleground for a popular children's hobby called "LBX" (Little Battler eXperience).Four years later, a boy named Yamano Ban who loves to play with LBX (although without a mecha himself) is given a case containing the model AX-00 by a mysterious woman. He is told that he now holds the hopes and despairs of mankind in his hands.
 Danball Senki tells the story of Yamano Ban and his friends, young boys who desire become an LBX Fighter, LBX is name of little robot figures.  But his mother don’t want this, because his father was be an accident relative with LBX years ago. Danball Senki tells the story of Yamano Ban and his friends, young boys who desire become an LBX Fighter, LBX is name of little robot figures.  But his mother don’t want this, because his father was be an accident relative with LBX years ago.One day, a secret women approaches him with a suitcase, when he open suitcase, immediately he find a strange new LBX Robot. Then Ban and his friend take part in corporation war that spreads all the way up to the highest political positions of power in Japan, and the true origins behind LBX Battling.
 Junpei is happily snoozing away during his sister's ballet recital when a male ballet dancer steps onto the stage. Moved by the strength and skills the dancer displays, the boy discovers his love for this art.But after a certain tragedy happens, he vows to leave his past behind and turn into the epitome of manliness! What will he do when his love for ballet reignites?!
 After millennia in hiding, Mina Tepes, the Princess of the ancient covenant and ruler of all vampires, wants change. Using the vast wealth of the Tepes line, she has paid off the entire gross national debt of Japan and in so doing, gained the authority to create a "special district" off the coast of Japan that is to become the future haven to vampires the world over!Now, on the eve of the landmark press conference announcing the existence of vampires to the world, terrorists and rival factions are plotting to assassinate Mina Tepes before she has a chance to make her world-changing announcement.
 A Dance in the Vampire Bund recap episode featuring re-edited footage from the first 7 episodes.
 The story revolves around Haruki and his four sisters
 Unaired episode of Danchigai included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 Side
 Side
 The world was close to being destroyed by Ultimate Despair, who caused "The Biggest, Most Awful, Most Tragic Event in Human History." In order to save this world from the event's chaos, the Future Foundation was formed. Although the organization continues its activities to restore the world, Makoto Naegi is under suspicion of treason due to him shielding a Remnant of Despair.The Future Foundation members had gathered together to decide on his punishment, but they all end up getting trapped inside the place they were meeting by Monokuma, who demands that they begin the "Final Killing." They have strange bangles put on their wrists, and are given tranquilizers when a certain time arrives. To make things worse, there apparently is a real traitor amongst their ranks who is coming to kill the members of the Future Foundation.In this game where class trials don't exist, the only way to get rid of the traitor is to find him and kill him off. Naegi is forced to face the ultimate death game, where it's kill or be killed. The tale of despair in which hope kills hope begins.
 The world was close to being destroyed by Ultimate Despair, who caused "The Biggest, Most Awful, Most Tragic Event in Human History." In order to save this world from the event's chaos, the Future Foundation was formed. Although the organization continues its activities to restore the world, Makoto Naegi is under suspicion of treason due to him shielding a Remnant of Despair.The Future Foundation members had gathered together to decide on his punishment, but they all end up getting trapped inside the place they were meeting by Monokuma, who demands that they begin the "Final Killing." They have strange bangles put on their wrists, and are given tranquilizers when a certain time arrives. To make things worse, there apparently is a real traitor amongst their ranks who is coming to kill the members of the Future Foundation.In this game where class trials don't exist, the only way to get rid of the traitor is to find him and kill him off. Naegi is forced to face the ultimate death game, where it's kill or be killed. The tale of despair in which hope kills hope begins.
 Hope's Peak Academy is a special school, recognized by the government, that was established in order to gather and nurture top-class students who excel in various fields. This school has two courses
 Hope's Peak Academy is a special school, recognized by the government, that was established in order to gather and nurture top-class students who excel in various fields. This school has two courses
 A group of 15 elite high school students are gathered at a very special, high class high school. To graduate from this high school essentially means you’ll succeed in life, but graduating is very difficult. The school is presided over by a bear called Monokuma, and he explains to them that their graduation hinges around committing a murder. The only way to graduate is to kill one of your classmates and get away with it. If the other classmates discover the identity of the killer, the killer is the only one executed. However, if they fail to catch the killer, only the killer graduates and the others are annihilated. Which of the 15 will survive the bloodbath to come?
 A group of 15 elite high school students are gathered at a very special, high class high school. To graduate from this high school essentially means you'll succeed in life, but graduating is very difficult. The school is presided over by a bear called Monokuma, and he explains to them that their graduation hinges around committing a murder. The only way to graduate is to kill one of your classmates and get away with it. If the other classmates discover the identity of the killer, the killer is the only one executed. However, if they fail to catch the killer, only the killer graduates and the others are annihilated. Which of the 15 will survive the bloodbath to come?
 A boy and a girl pledge lifelong friendship in a small town junior high school. The relationship between the two, who are destined to share a common dream, has passed two years without any particular development.Himari Inuzuka, a bubbly girl who has yet to find her first love, and Yuu Natsume, a plant-loving boy who enjoys flowers, still spend their days peacefully as best friends in the gardening club in the second year of high school."If Yuu can't get married, I have to take responsibility.""I'm having trouble now because after Himari said that, your brother began calling me 'My brother-in-law!'"However, when Yuu reunites with his first crush, the gears of their relationship suddenly go out of sync! Will Himari be able to escape her "ideal friend" now that she has found love?
 The anime follows the daily life of an earnest, hardworking office lady named Kaoru and her otaku husband, Hajime, who is totally immersed in a certain huge net bulletin board system.
 Action-packed adventures of Danny Fenton, who straddles two worlds as a shy freshman at Casper High and a heroic phantom-fighter with ghostly superpowers. With his best friends, techno-geek Tucker and free-thinking Goth girl Sam, he thwarts the misdeeds of menacing ghosts; and stumbles through daily social hurdles.
 Haimura Kiri is a seemingly ordinary boy with one slight problem
 The original gag comedy manga follows the humorous yet “realistic” everyday life of Tadakuni, Hidenori, Yoshitake, and other students at a boys’ high school.
 Roaming the halls of the all-boys Sanada North High School are three close comrades
 The original gag comedy manga follows the humorous yet “realistic” everyday life of Tadakuni, Hidenori, Yoshitake, and other students at a boys’ high school.
 Based on Mikumo Gakuto's Bibliotheca Mystica de Dantalian (Dantalian no Shoka) light novel series.
 A darkly comedic travelogue of the underworld - set against an all-too-familiar urban backdrop of used car lots, gated communities, strip malls, and the U.S. Capitol. And populated with a contemporary cast of reprobates, including famous - and infamous - politicians, presidents, popes, pimps. And the Prince of Darkness himself.

 After experiencing two adventurous events, Wu Xie returned to Hangzhou from Nansha. During his training, he suddenly received an itchy call that he hadn't met for a long time. Lao Yi and Wu Xie told about their adventures in the hinterland of the Qinling Mountains three years ago, and invited Wu Xie to go on an adventure together and explore the ancient ruins. Wu Xie and Lao You set off for an expedition in the Qinling Mountains. Here, they saw the huge Zheluo salmon, the magnificent underground river waterfall, the incredible ancient sacred tree... And Zhang Qiling, who has always been out there, also secretly helped Wu Xie.
 In the distant future, in a tropical city on the ocean, fifteen-year-old Mizuki Maia is expecting to be accepted into the prestigious Ocean Agency after acing her entry exams.Even getting caught up in a shootout, as a bystander, between two bikini-clad young women on scooters (part of the Nereids Kamchatka branch as it turns out) and some gunmen, does not phase Maya much. But when she returns home things start to go very wrong...
 In the distant future, in a tropical city on the ocean, fifteen-year-old Mizuki Maia is expecting to be accepted into the prestigious Ocean Agency after acing her entry exams.Even getting caught up in a shootout, as a bystander, between two bikini-clad young women on scooters (part of the Nereids Kamchatka branch as it turns out) and some gunmen, does not phase Maya much. But when she returns home things start to go very wrong...
 The story is set slightly in the future and revolves around Okamura, Aa-chan, Aya, a woman who has been working for two years and has begun living on her own for a job opportunity.With Aa-chan's mother working overseas as a doctor, Aa-chan's father is now living alone with the family's longtime pet cat Mii-san. One night, Aa-chan returns from a long day at work, and as she rests on her bed, she reminiscences about the times the family had together. She remembers the sadness she felt when her mom went overseas, and the solace she felt when her father brought home Mii-san to give her comfort. Then, she receives a phone call...
 Tells the story of what happened to Yin and Hei between the first and second series.
 The story of what happened to Yin and Hei between the first and second series.
 In Tokyo, an impenetrable field known as "Hell's Gate" appeared ten years ago. At the same time, psychics who wield paranormal powers at the cost of their conscience also emerged. Hei is one of the most powerful of these psychic agents, and along with his blind associate, Yin, works for one of the many rival agencies vying to unlock the mysteries of Hell's Gate.
 Two years have passed since Hei and Yin escaped the Syndicate after the events of the first season. Making their way to Russia, Hei encounters a young girl named Suou Pavlichenko, whose family is gradually pulled into the war between contractors and various intelligence factions. Meanwhile, Kirihara Misaki has quit her position in Foreign Affairs to begin her own investigations into Hei, the Contractors and the Syndicate.
 In the sequel, Hei and Yin are now on the run after betraying the Syndicate in the previous season. After leaving Japan, Hei encounters Suou Pavlichenko, a 13-year-old Eurasian girl who becomes embroiled in the war and politics of the various factions and Contractors vying for power. Meanwhile, Hell's Gate remains standing in Tokyo, after Hei's efforts to stop the Saturn Ring anti-Gate particle weapon from activating. Although Contractors are safe from the danger of having their existences erased, this does not prevent new and old Contractors from abusing their powers. As Misaki Kirihara and her team in the Public Security Bureau deal with the increasing Contractor cases, she also has to keep the Syndicate at bay, who has major positions in the Japanese police and intelligence bureaus around the world. The storyline setting primarily takes place in both Japan and Russia.
 The Persona Century Corporation has purchased nearly every parcel of land on earth. Dissension is not tolerated within the corporation's borders and those who oppose Persona are dealt with swiftly. Of those few places not yet under Persona's control is the free town of Kabuki-cho, also known as "The Dark Side of Tokyo". Within the town, under the leadership of a woman named Mai, is a small resistance group called Messiah. Into this world steps a man who takes the sobriquet of Kabuki-cho
 The Persona Century Corporation has purchased nearly every parcel of land on earth. Dissension is not tolerated within the corporation's borders and those who oppose Persona are dealt with swiftly. Of those few places not yet under Persona's control is the free town of Kabuki-cho, also known as "The Dark Side of Tokyo". Within the town, under the leadership of a woman named Mai, is a small resistance group called Messiah. Into this world steps a man who takes the sobriquet of Kabuki-cho

 An unknowing Sudou Kaname is invited to try out a new mysterious mobile app game called Darwin's Game, but later realizes that he's in for more than he's bargained for when he finds out that there's no way to quit the game.
 An unknowing Sudou Kaname is invited to try out a new mysterious mobile app game called Darwin's Game, but later realizes that he's in for more than he's bargained for when he finds out that there's no way to quit the game.
 Kappei is a dramatically short guy but he is a master in every sport. He lives as a guest in sweet Akane's house, and he's in love with her, but there's a strange rival, her dog Salomone (Italian name) who plans evil traps to encumber Kappei. But the dog has also another function
 The story is a succession of races in imaginative paths and runs to suit her run. The story will focus increasingly what is the real Emperor, will be discovered having this many mini title that will compare against the Emperor of Yonkuro, the epilogue to the epic challenge of the Rally of hell in this race will challenge a group of thugs who want to take advantage of Best of Mini 4WD racers to be able to recover a hidden treasure.The story centers on a brother and sister, Tatsuya and Kiyoko, the children of a scientist at the Twin X facility. This story is used by the very popular main character Yonkuro Hinomaru.
 A TV Special of Dash! Yonkurou that aired 4 months after the TV anime ended.Because the Dash Warriors won against Oomiya's senior citizen team the Silver Warriors, they travel to the Amazon in Brazil to try out his natural tracks that he built. When the arrive they find the natural track has been destroyed by a storm when they are suddenly attacked by the Amazon Warriors. One of the boys has Horizon, an original Mini 4WD created by Yonkurou's father who disappeared.
 Second part of the Date A Bullet films.
 One day, A girl appears and make a timespace quake which destroys the town, this girl was called “Special Disasterous Designated Creature
 Itsuka Shido is a high school boy. On the last day of the spring holidays, an explosion destroys the town and a girl in armor appears in front of him. Shido's sister-in-law, Kotori, tells him that the girl is called "Special Disasterous Designated Creature
 Second season of Date A Live.
 Shido Itsuka, who used to be a normal high school student at Raizen High, meets the first Spirit, Tohka, and awakens his power to "seal the Spirit's power". Though they may be feared and hated beings due to their immense power, Spirits were always alone and knew only combat and death. Shido, the only one in the world with the power to seal the Spirits' might, hurls himself into life-threatening dates with the beautiful Spirits in order to save them.
 The third season of Date A Live.
 The third season of Date A Live.
 Fourth season of Date A Live.
 Fourth season of Date A Live.
 The movie adaptation announced at the end of the final episode of Date A Live II.
 Itsuka Shido is a high school boy. On the last day of the spring holidays, an explosion destroys the town and a girl in armor appears in front of him. Shido’s sister-in-law, Kotori, tells him that the girl is called “Special Disasterous Designated Creature
 Bundled with the 9th volume of the original novel, it is the unaired 13th episode of the TV series.
 The third volume of the Date A Live
 A tsundere man who don't know how to express his feelings to the one he loves for a whole life. Not only forcing her time by time but also being suspicious. The girl is so confused by his behaviors. However, till the end, she finally figures out his love. This is their love story.
 Kai, who has powers different from the rest, together with his sickly sister Hikaru was protected by an organization called ASHURUM. Scouted by Eiji, Kai was delegated to the ASHURUM special force AESES and undergo intensive training. Whenever he was free, Kai visited Hikaru at the hospital belongs to the organization, but Hikaru's condition never improved. So, one year later, with amazing growth from the intensive training, Kai decides to escape from the organization.
 Early Reins features six beautiful women on a train en route to Sunshine Hill in the early 1800s. When the train is highjacked by robbers and the soldiers on board are caught unawares, another surprise is in store
 Angels from the planet Eden have been watching Earthians, the inhabitants of Earth, for 5 billion years. Chihaya, an angel with unlucky black hair and wings, is a plus checker who travels to Earth with Kagetsuya, a minus checker. Each team of plus and minus checkers keep track of Earth events and, if the score ever reaches minus 10,000, the Earth will be destroyed. The story follows Chihaya and Kagetsuya and the different people and events they observe on Earth.
 In 1990s England, Earwig, a 10-year-old orphan girl who grew up without knowing that she is a witch's daughter, is taken from the orphanage by a strange duo and starts living with them.
 In 1990s England, Earwig, a 10-year-old orphan girl who grew up without knowing that she is a witch's daughter, is taken from the orphanage by a strange duo and starts living with them.
 Meet Bolt Crank, mercenary extraordinaire, and the man who eats metal! Through his travels, he stops along the way to make a few bucks and occasionally rescue damsels in distress. His taste for metal gives him quite an edge as he becomes capable of generating an assortment of weapons from his hand! It's a strange ability, but it seems to come in handy, so to speak. Bolt has an edge over his adversaries, but will that be enough?
 The continuing adventures of Bolt Crank, the World's Greatest Mercenary, who has the ability to eat any object, mostly metal and weapons. When the time comes, Bolt can then reproduce those weapons and items in his right hand.
 Take one group of rabid fan girls with tenuous grips on reality, toss out all rules of proper social behavior, mix them together in a basement with more twisted anime parodies and allusions than you can shake a schtick at, and what do you get? Well, besides a recipe for disaster, if borderline delusional Todayama Kyouko is in what passes for charge, you get the Asstronomical Club, where mayhem rules and the wall between the real world and total fantasy shatters at least once every five minutes!And as if things weren't wild enough, let's throw in a boys love manga fanatic who always seems to end up in her underwear, a maid on a secret mission,a ruthless arch-enemy whose goal is to have the club disbanded, and a cat as the faculty adviser! And then there's Itsuki, who still inexplicably thinks this is a club for astronomy... Although to be fair, some of the members do seem to be robots/aliens and/or from outer space. One thing's for certain though
 Blu-ray disc bundled with the fourth volume of the manga.
 BD/DVD specials.
 Thousands of years in the future, a city known as "Eden" is inhabited solely by artificially intelligent robots whose former masters vanished long ago. On a routine assignment, within the depths of the city, two maintenance robots accidentally awaken a human baby girl from stasis questioning their belief that humans were a forbidden ancient myth. Together, the two robots secretly raise the child in a safe haven outside Eden.
 Thousands of years in the future, a city known as "Eden" is inhabited solely by artificially intelligent robots whose former masters vanished long ago. On a routine assignment, within the depths of the city, two maintenance robots accidentally awaken a human baby girl from stasis questioning their belief that humans were a forbidden ancient myth. Together, the two robots secretly raise the child in a safe haven outside Eden.
 On November 22, 2010 ten missiles strike Japan. However, this unprecedented terrorist act, later to be called "Careless Monday", does not result in any apparent victims, and is soon forgotten. Then, three months later... Morimi Saki, a young woman currently in the United States of America on her graduation trip, gets into trouble in front of the White House in Washington DC, and only the unexpected intervention of a fellow countryman saves her.However, this man, who introduces himself as Takizawa Akira, is a complete mystery. He appears to have lost his memory and he is stark naked, except for the gun he holds in one hand, and a mobile phone in the other. A phone that is charged with 8,200,000,000 yen in digital cash.
 Yorn gazes up at two massive cities floating in the sky and dreams of discovering their mysteries. Without warning, those mysteries come looking for him. Edenic assassins murder his father and Yorn is next on the hit list. A nameless old man and a mysterious young girl help Yorn on his quest to find his long-lost mother and the truth. Known as the God Hunter, Yorn leads a race against the dark designs of the technological overlords.
 Yorn gazes up at two massive cities floating in the sky and dreams of discovering their mysteries. Without warning, those mysteries come looking for him. Edenic assassins murder his father and Yorn is next on the hit list. A nameless old man and a mysterious young girl help Yorn on his quest to find his long-lost mother and the truth. Known as the God Hunter, Yorn leads a race against the dark designs of the technological overlords.
 All his life, Shiki has been surrounded by machines. At Granbell Kingdom, a long-abandoned amusement park, he is the only one of his kind around. That is, until Rebecca Bluegarden and her feline companion Happy arrive, unaware that they are Granbell's first visitors in one hundred years. Their goal is to make fun videos for their B-Cube channel, but what they find instead is a friend in the socially awkward Shiki.When Granbell becomes too dangerous for the three of them, they set off on an adventure through the Sakura Cosmos. They hope to make more interesting videos and even find the elusive goddess Mother, while Shiki wants to make more friends, spurred on by the words of his late grandfather. Of course, the journey will not be easy, as no one has seen Mother before, but Shiki is determined to reach his goal and explore the boundless reaches of space together with his new friends.
 Second season of Edens Zero.
 Koito Koganei works as the teenage shrine maiden at the Takamimi Shrine, catering to the whims of its resident
 The anime once again tells two stories.The first story takes place in the past. Himura Yuu meets a girl, Amamiya Yuuko who seems to know him, but he doesn't know her. However, he soon remembers that she was a girl whom he knew from long ago. Yuuko then tells him something which he never knew. He was her first love since then, and her first love has not ended yet.The second story takes place in the present, just after the events of Ef - A Tale of Memories.. Kuze Shuuichi meets the cousin of Asou Renji, Hayama Mizuki and spends a lot of time with her. Unknown to Mizuki, Kuze had contracted a fatal illness and has little time left to live. Kuze had decided to break all romantic ties, but things go bad when Mizuki tells him that she loves him.
 The story revolves around the protagonist Hirono Hiro, a poor high school boy who draws shoujo manga for his living. One cold Christmas night after meeting a very strange woman in a church, who tells him that he's going to meet someone he has to meet, his bike gets stolen by another strange girl.He runs after her and finds her collapsed on the street. Her name is Miyamura Miyako and her bag got stolen by a man on a motorbike. Soon after, they start hanging out together, enjoying highschool life. Miyako falls for Hiro pretty quickly but naturally finds a rival in his childhood friend, Shindou Kei, who has been dictating Hiro's life since ever.
 On a planet far from Earth, there is a kingdom full of smiling faces. Princess Yuuki is 12 years old, and about to enter a sensitive age in a person's life. Everyday, she cries, laughs, and sometimes, her heart throbs with excitement. All the while, she lives merrily in the royal palace.Filling her days are her loyal vassals
 Part anime, part live action, and part puppet show.
 Yuto Takamine and his younger sister-in-law Kaori, were at their parents' grave, when they were suddenly summoned into another world, Phantasmagoria. The King and a woman named Restina took Kaori as a hostage, and ordered Yuto to fight against their enemies. Then, the King gave him a sword called Motomeh to protect their kingdom from enemy spirits. Kaori will only be freed if Yuto helps protect Phantasmagoria. Thus, Yuto's journey begins...
 The story is centered around Filena, a princess who was raised as a boy after her kingdom was conquered.
 Joelle Davidovich Pomponette, better known as simply "Pompo," is an extremely talented movie producer, having inherited her grandfather's connections and cinematic eye. Despite her promising outlook, Pompo refuses to produce anything other than trashy B-movies. That is, until she hands her assistant, Gene Fini, a script for an ambitious screenplay about the life of a composer and announces that he has earned his first directorial credit.Determined to make the film shine, Gene throws himself completely into his work. However, with an overwhelming workload and a deadline only days away, the aspiring director struggles with what must be sacrificed in the name of creation.
 The series centers on Joelle Davidovich Pomponette (Pompo-san), a talented film producer at the movie capital "Nyallywood." Despite her prowess to see through to the potential of actors and staff and bring out their talent to the fullest, she has only been producing B-class action and erotic films. One day, Pompo's "film-worm" assistant Gene, who has been doubtful of her choices of film genres, is given the task to direct a film based on a script written by her. Will Gene be able to bring Pompo's "masterpiece" to fruition?

 It's Nozomi's birthday, but it is disturbed by Bunbee chasing after a girl from another world, Chocola. When Pretty Cure rescue her, she thanks them by taking them to her country, Dessert Kingdom. In this cockaigne with rivers of juice and candy growing on trees, they feel very comfortable. But then they meet the evil Mushiban and his two subordinates Dry and Bitter. They want to take over the kingdom and change Pretty Cure into sweets. In order to save not only Nozomi's Birthday but also the whole Dessert Kingdom, Pretty Cure have to fight their way against Dry and Bitter and also against their own friend
 Private detective Hazama Itsuru is hired by Professor Tani to investigate a cyborg parts theft which eventually leads him to meet Sachiko Yokogawa, the original 8 Man's love interest. Living her new life working for the Biotecho Corp., Sachiko finds herself involved with a new 8 Man, who appears after Hazama is fatally wounded by an unknow cyborg. Amidst a violent urban background with cyber-junkies creating chaos around the city, this other 8 Man will fight criminals in a more agressive way.
 Private detective Hazama Itsuru is hired by Professor Tani to investigate a cyborg parts theft which eventually leads him to meet Sachiko Yokogawa, the original 8 Man's love interest. Living her new life working for the Biotecho Corp., Sachiko finds herself involved with a new 8 Man, who appears after Hazama is fatally wounded by an unknow cyborg. Amidst a violent urban background with cyber-junkies creating chaos around the city, this other 8 Man will fight criminals in a more agressive way.
 Zasshono Academy is a very large private school with a total of 54,000 students from elementary level, to junior high and high school. Among the large number of club activities at the school, one club is quite unique
 Zashono Academy is a massive educational institution with over thirty-five thousand students enrolled across all grades. It is here that the plain and unpopular Densuke Mifune enrolls in high school. While he looks forward to blending into the crowd, circumstances change when he runs into Chiharu Shinonome, an incredibly attractive and intelligent girl who has captured the attention of all the students at the school. Witnessing the encounter between the two, Kirika Misono pressures them into joining her mysterious "Eiken Club" to compete in the school's annual club tournament. The tournament causes Densuke to become more intimate with his fellow club members, but will he be able to maintain his composure or will he give in to their bold advances?
 Based on a book by British travel and dining journalist Michael Booth. Follows Booth, his wife Lissen, and two kids Ansger (6) and Emil (4), on their 100-day trip to Japan as they try a wide variety of Japanese foods. Booth was inspired to make the trip by Shizuo Tsuji's book, Japanese Cooking, A Simple Art.
 In the faraway village of Haworth, a new chapter in Emma's life has begun. Now employed by the wealthy Molders family, Emma has resolved to put the past behind her. She'll have to adjust to a new house, a charming (but eccentric) new mistress, and a host of fellow servants, some with buried pasts of their own.Meanwhile, back in London, William is doing his best to uphold his father's wishes as the Jones family heir, but try as he might, he can't forget Emma. Yet, whenever he feels at his worst, Eleanor is always there to comfort him with a warm, shy smile. Could the answer to his broken heart be right before his eyes?
 Born in the Chinese state of Lu in 551 B.C., Confucius is raised by his mother after his father dies when he is only three. He marries at 19 and enters the service of the local nobility. At 32, he becomes tutor to the Prince of Lu's children, eventually becoming a politician at 51. His career peaks are the roles of Lu's justice minister and eventually prime minister. The land prospers for four years, but Confucius grows disenchanted with court intrigues. For the following 12 years, he wanders the neighboring states, offering advice to their rulers.
 The Orbment Revolution heralded a time of great prosperity for people. By using the mysterious energies harnessed by the mechanical engines called Orbments, there has been great leaps in technology, such as the development of airships, and the products of this are indelibly linked to everyday life. At the same time, the strongest countries have developed numerous Orbment-based weapons in bids to outdo each other, each with an eye on world domination.In this world, there is an organization which transcends national boundaries, the Bracer's Guild. The guild devotes itself to protecting the peace of the land, and the safety of civilians. Upon request, its members undertake various quests such as the extermination of monsters and crime prevention, and they may even mediate disputes between governments.Estelle and Joshua are two young members of the guild who find themselves in opposition to the organization Ouroboros, whose actions have shaken the country of Liberl to its very foundation. And when Joshua leaves to pursue Ouroboros on his own, Estelle goes after him with the aid of fellow guild members Klose, Olivier and Scherazard.
 A long time ago, there existed a Demon Lord who terrorized throughout the world until a Hero stepped up to the stage and challenged the Demon Lord, ultimately defeating him and ending his reign. The Hero then created Rosewood Academy, an academy made to help heroes-in-training achieve supremacy and help defend the world when needed that enrolls only the best of the best.Enter Arnest Flaming, a girl with a high sense of duty and the top student at the academy, hence receiving the alias "Empress of Flames" who one day encounters the lively, carefree new transfer student Blade, a boy who seems to equal her in power, something that she finds really irritating. Arnest was then personally requested by The King to supervise, and show Blade around the academy during his stay. The story follows the students' struggles in their quest to become heroes.
 From his deathbed, Hero-King Inglis, the divine knight and master of all he surveys, gazes down on the empire he built with his mighty hand. Having devoted his life to statecraft and his subjects' well-being, his one unfulfilled wish is to live again, for himself this time
 Asakusa Midori wants to create an anime, but she's too disheartened to make that first step by herself. By pure chance, she meets Mizusaki Tsubame, an up-and-coming socialite secretly dreaming of becoming an animator. Together with Midori's money-loving best friend Kanamori Sayaka, the energetic trio slowly work towards making their "ultimate world" a reality!
 Third installment in Bee Train's "girls with guns" trilogy El Cazador is the story of a girl named Ellis, who finds herself on the run from the so called Hunters of the underground society due to being a suspect of a murder. She meets up with a bounty hunter named Nadie who offers her help and guidance to pursue the truth of her past. But now she's also being targeted by the Hunters and so their quest for the truth begins.
 Continuing the from OVAs; When Fujisawa, suffering from cold feet, leaves Miz at the altar, an enraged Priestess drafts Makoto and friends to go find him. In the couse of locating the hapless (and gutless) teacher, they find another Ifurita. Meanwhile Jinnai and Diva searching for a new Bugrom homeland stumble upon another yet another Demon God, the impish Kalia. However, unlike Ifurita she has a mind, and a mission, of her own...
 Continuing the from OVAs; When Fujisawa, suffering from cold feet, leaves Miz at the altar, an enraged Priestess drafts Makoto and friends to go find him. In the couse of locating the hapless (and gutless) teacher, they find another Ifurita. Meanwhile Jinnai and Diva searching for a new Bugrom homeland stumble upon another yet another Demon God, the impish Kalia. However, unlike Ifurita she has a mind, and a mission, of her own...
 Miz plans to retire as a Great Priestess of Water to married life with her darling Fujisawa and as replacement the young Qawoor Towles arrives to Floristica. Jinnai sees Qawoor's initiation ceremony as a chance to infiltrate Makoto's laboratory but accidentally activates a mysterious thingy that sends them all through the dimensions to a grey industrial city protected by a huge castle in an alternative world.
 Miz plans to retire as a Great Priestess of Water to married life with her darling Fujisawa and as replacement the young Qawoor Towles arrives to Floristica. Jinnai sees Qawoor's initiation ceremony as a chance to infiltrate Makoto's laboratory but accidentally activates a mysterious thingy that sends them all through the dimensions to a grey industrial city protected by a huge castle in an alternative world.
 When Makoto Mizuhara discovers an old monument in his school and awakens a beautiful woman he, his teacher, his worst enemy and one of his female friends is transported to the magnificent world of El Hazard. There they discovers that they have received special powers. Makoto and his teacher Fujisawa land in a jungle and save a princess from very large bugs. Makoto's friend Nanami lands in a desert. And Makoto's rival, Jinnai, lands in the middle of the bug's kingdom and becomes their general, plotting to destroy Makoto and his new friends. After having his attacks repelled by Makoto several times, Jinnai learns about an ultimate weapon, the demon Ifurita. Everyone sets out to find it, and when they do Makoto learns that she is the same woman that sent them to El Hazard. But the one gaining control of her is Jinnai.
 When Makoto Mizuhara discovers an old monument in his school and awakens a beautiful woman he, his teacher, his worst enemy and one of his female friends is transported to the magnificent world of El Hazard. There they discovers that they have received special powers. Makoto and his teacher Fujisawa land in a jungle and save a princess from very large bugs. Makoto's friend Nanami lands in a desert. And Makoto's rival, Jinnai, lands in the middle of the bug's kingdom and becomes their general, plotting to destroy Makoto and his new friends. After having his attacks repelled by Makoto several times, Jinnai learns about an ultimate weapon, the demon Ifurita. Everyone sets out to find it, and when they do Makoto learns that she is the same woman that sent them to El Hazard. But the one gaining control of her is Jinnai.
 Makoto Mizuhara is working on his latest experiment in the school science lab, but when he takes a break his lifelong rival Katsuhiko Jinnai shows up and attempts to destroy the device and discredit Makoto. This overloads the experiment and transports Makoto, Jinnai, his sister Nanami, and their teacher Mr. Fujisawa to the strange and magnificent world El Hazard. Makoto and Fujisawa land squarely in the Kingdom of Roshtaria, and quickly befriend the princess Rune Venus. Jinnai allies himself with the Bugrom, a race of giant insects bent on taking over El Hazard, while his sister tries to eke out her own living in the desert. Makoto searches desperately for a way to return home, all the while fighting off the Bugrom, enlisting the help of the Holy Priestesses, and stopping the demon god Ifurita from destroying everything.
 Makoto Mizuhara is working on his latest experiment in the school science lab, but when he takes a break his lifelong rival Katsuhiko Jinnai shows up and attempts to destroy the device and discredit Makoto. This overloads the experiment and transports Makoto, Jinnai, his sister Nanami, and their teacher Mr. Fujisawa to the strange and magnificent world El Hazard. Makoto and Fujisawa land squarely in the Kingdom of Roshtaria, and quickly befriend the princess Rune Venus. Jinnai allies himself with the Bugrom, a race of giant insects bent on taking over El Hazard, while his sister tries to eke out her own living in the desert. Makoto searches desperately for a way to return home, all the while fighting off the Bugrom, enlisting the help of the Holy Priestesses, and stopping the demon god Ifurita from destroying everything.
 In 2029, a large scale ground sinkage occurred in the Mediterranean Sea. Chemical elements such as oxygen, carbon, gold, molybdenum, and cobalt disappeared from the earth's crust suddenly. The human population was decreased by 90% in sixty years. Researchers found out that the disappeared elements were drained into a planet Nega Earth, located in another dimension. To save the Earth, a special team called the Element Hunters is organized. All of the members are under 13 years old, because young and flexible brains are needed to access Nega Earth.
 After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold
 After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold

 In a certain bubble world, the conflict between ELFs and Honkai never stopped.As the conflict between the two continues to escalate, the stability of the bubble world is gradually decreasing. In order to save this world that is about to collapse, mankind has established an organization dedicated to managing and controlling ELFsIn order to cover up the dark truth, humans gave the organization a very cute name - "ELF Academy".
 Loudmouthed martial artist Junpei Ryuzouji, elegant actress Airi Komiyama, and cheery but artillery-obsessed student Ritsuko Inoue all find themselves transported from their homeland of Japan to an unfamiliar, magical world. When the elven priestess Celcia Marieclaire casts the spell to send them home, she is interrupted, and the spell is broken into parts that scatter throughout the world. The spell fragments imprint themselves onto the skin of various elves.The trio travels in Ritsuko's tank, searching for elves who might carry the spell fragments so that Celcia can transfer them to her own body and make the spell whole again. As they adventure, people begin to refer to them as "Those Who Hunt Elves," gaining a reputation as warriors that put a stop to evil-doers with their miraculous cannon, terrifying elves by stripping any that they find. Though they're not the smartest group, they make up for it with enthusiasm and their strong determination to get back to Japan.
 After Junpei botched the second attempt to transport back to Japan, the four embark their journey once again to collect runes imprinted on skin of Elven females by stripping them. Celsia is cursed into the form of another animal this time.
 After Junpei botched the second attempt to transport back to Japan, the four embark their journey once again to collect runes imprinted on skin of Elven females by stripping them. Celsia is cursed into the form of another animal this time.
 High school students Mizuho Yuuki and Miko Kamiyama are best friends. Miko likes fellow classmate Tohru Nagase. Mizuho is determined not to get in the way of their budding relationship. But underclassmate Ai Minamizato also likes Tohru. Tohru must decide which girl he likes the most.
 The "diclonii" (singular
 The Diclonius, a mutated homosapien that is said to be selected by God and will eventually become the destruction of mankind, possess two horns on their heads and have a "sixth sense" which gives them telekinetic abilities. Due to this dangerous power, they have been captured and isolated in laboratories by the government. Lucy, a young and psychotic Diclonius, manages to break free of her confines and brutally murders most of the guards in the laboratory where she is being held, only to be shot in the head as she makes her escape. She survives, falling off a cliff into the ocean and manages to drift along to a beach where two teenagers, Kouta and Yuka, discover her. Having lost her memories, she was named after the only thing that she can now say, "Nyuu," and the two allow her to stay at Kouta's home. However, it appears that the psychotic side of Lucy is not dead just yet...
 Nexon recently announced an anime called Elsword
 Shinjuku, 1983. A member of the Kaeda Yakuza gang, Akutsu Jouji, has lost in a brawl with a university cheering squad, and begs for forgiveness through bitter tears. Since then, nothing has gone well in Jouji's life, until 10 years later in 1993, his friend was ordered to kill him, and as he ran away he killed himself, ending his miserable life.But when Jouji opened his eyes, he was in Shinjuku in 1983, at the fight with the university students that caused things to go wrong. Now with ten more years of memories and experience, Jouji repels the university students with spirit and wisdom. Now he swears to wear a gold emblem around town, and begins his life anew.
 A Fate/stay Night spin-off focused on cooking.
 In late 19th century London, William Jones, a member of the gentry, meets and falls in love with Emma, and she with him. This chance meeting overturns both their lives - for Emma is a maid, and the barriers of class and wealth stand between them.
 It's been a month since Emma left London and reluctantly ending her relationship with William Jones, due to their difference in class status. She has found a new job, and a fresh start, as one of the many maids working in the Molders family estate. Her presence soon catches the eye and respect of sullen but kind-hearted footman Hans. Meanwhile, Eleanor Campbell makes her move to win William's heart. However, Emma and William have yet to realise that they will meet again.
 Rumors of the Lingwu Continent

 Shun Asanaga is a 15-year-old junior high school student with an optimistic and bright personality. One day, he finds a mysterious crystal in the office of his father, who is a scientist and businessman. When he touches it, the world becomes distorted, and he is sent into the world of Endra. Emilio, a prince of the kingdom of Endra is nearing his 16th birthday and despises the reigning king Delzain. Since Emilio is now at the age when he can inherit the throne, he takes up a weapon and attempts revenge. However, because Emilio is too weak, he is captured by Delzain and put in prison. When Emilio is in grief, the wall of his cell becomes distorted and Shun appears from there with two goals
 Shun Asanaga is a 15-year-old junior high school student with an optimistic and bright personality. One day, he finds a mysterious crystal in the office of his father, who is a scientist and businessman. When he touches it, the world becomes distorted, and he is sent into the world of Endra. Emilio, a prince of the kingdom of Endra is nearing his 16th birthday and despises the reigning king Delzain. Since Emilio is now at the age when he can inherit the throne, he takes up a weapon and attempts revenge. However, because Emilio is too weak, he is captured by Delzain and put in prison. When Emilio is in grief, the wall of his cell becomes distorted and Shun appears from there with two goals
 Naral Island, a continent with swords and magic in which humans and monsters coexist. The terrible Demon King lives there. In ancient times, the first-generation hero defeated the Demon King. Over the many successive generations since then, the Demon King has been resurrected, and the hero who opposes him has likewise reappeared. Girls attend a school for adventurers in order to defeat the Demon King when he appears again.Though a bit absent-minded, Yusha has the body of a hero. The holy elf Seyla's trouble never ends because she is too serious. The cheerful warrior Fai loves to eat. Mei is a quiet otaku magician. As the four girls aim to be in the hero party, they live relaxed fantasy lives and show no sign of defeating the Demon King no matter how much time passes.
 Naral Island, a continent with swords and magic in which humans and monsters coexist. The terrible Demon King lives there. In ancient times, the first-generation hero defeated the Demon King. Over the many successive generations since then, the Demon King has been resurrected, and the hero who opposes him has likewise reappeared. Girls attend a school for adventurers in order to defeat the Demon King when he appears again.Though a bit absent-minded, Yusha has the body of a hero. The holy elf Seyla's trouble never ends because she is too serious. The cheerful warrior Fai loves to eat. Mei is a quiet otaku magician. As the four girls aim to be in the hero party, they live relaxed fantasy lives and show no sign of defeating the Demon King no matter how much time passes.
 Year 198 of the Solar Era in Tokyo, special fire brigades are fighting against a phenomenon called spontaneous human combustion where humans beings are turned into living infernos called "Infernals". While the Infernals are first generation cases of spontaneous human combustion, later generations possess the ability to manipulate flames while retaining human form. Shinra Kusakabe, a youth who gained the nickname Devil's Footprints for his ability to ignite his feet at will, joins the Special Fire Force Company 8 which composes of other flames users as they work to extinguish any Infernals they encounter. As a faction that is creating Infernals appears, Shira begins to uncover the truth behind a mysterious fire that caused the death of his family twelve years ago.
 Year 198 of the Solar Era in Tokyo, special fire brigades are fighting against a phenomenon called spontaneous human combustion where humans beings are turned into living infernos called "Infernals". While the Infernals are first generation cases of spontaneous human combustion, later generations possess the ability to manipulate flames while retaining human form. Shinra Kusakabe, a youth who gained the nickname Devil's Footprints for his ability to ignite his feet at will, joins the Special Fire Force Company 8 which composes of other flames users as they work to extinguish any Infernals they encounter. As a faction that is creating Infernals appears, Shira begins to uncover the truth behind a mysterious fire that caused the death of his family twelve years ago.
 Mini anime featuring chibi characters from Enen no Shouboutai, streamed on the official Twitter account.
 Second season of Enen no Shouboutai.
 Second season of Enen no Shouboutai.
 Third season of Enen no Shouboutai (Fire Force).
 Yonomi Kobeni, an ordinary girl, finds out on her 16th birthday that she is betrothed to Mitsumine Hakuya, a boy the same age as her. Hakuya moves in from the countryside and starts living with her, bringing his younger sister who is still a primary school student with him. Also added is his older sister who is already living with Kobeni and is two years older.The story revolves around these four people and their identities as “couples” and “sisters-in-law”.
 Enmusubi no Youko-chan TV anime announced for Summer 2017 (premieres on July 1st). It's based on a popular Chinese novel involving humans and youkai.
 Sometime in the distant future, humanity has managed to survive, but only in isolated cities and through the use of cloning and robotic servants called Autoraves. Life in the cities is strictly controlled by management dedicated to preserving their 'utopian' way of life. But something is causing the Autoraves to become independent and is driving them to seek to escape the city. Re-l Mayer, a female inspector from the Citizen Information Board, learns that the awakening of the Autoraves is caused by an encounter with something called a Proxy. In seeking to learn more, Re-l stumbles into a secret that management is desperately trying to hide and will go to any length to keep suppressed.
 The world is bigger than you think...After the explosion of the methane hydrate layer, the remaining members of mankind are forced to live in isolated domed cities scattered across the arid and inhospitable planet. They live in a controlled society and are assisted in daily life by autonomous robots called AutoReivs. In one of these cities, Romdo, Inspector Re-l Mayer, granddaughter of the regent, leads an investigation concerning AutoReivs that have gone mad after being infected by the Cogito virus. In the process, she comes in contact with a monster called Proxy. Elsewhere in the city, immigrant Vincent Law is on the run after being framed for involvement in several Cogito cases. Together, along with the adorable child-AutoReiv Pino, they set out on a journey to the dome city Moscow in order to unravel the mystery of the Proxies.
 The "new sibling romantic comedy" revolves around Masamune Izumi, a light novel author in high school. Masamune's little sister is Sagiri, a shut-in girl who hasn't left her room for an entire year. She even forces her brother to make and bring her meals when she stomps the floor. Masamune wants his sister to leave her room, because the two of them are each other's only family.Masamune's novel illustrator, pen name "Eromanga," draws extremely perverted drawings, and is very reliable. Masamune had never met his illustrator, and figured he was just a disgusting, perverted otaku. However, the truth is revealed... that his "Eromanga-sensei" is his own younger sister! To add to the chaos that erupts between the siblings, a beautiful, female, best-selling shoujo manga creator becomes their rival!
 OVA included with the limited edition BD release.
 Kanzaki Hitomi is tired of life. Depressed and despondent, she wishes that she could just fade away, to make the pain of living stop hurting. Her pain resonates with another on the world of Gaea, and when her wish is granted, she finds herself in a strange land.She is greeted as the Wing Goddess, who possess the power to summon the legendary Escaflowne. Hitomi's fate is intertwined with the brash young warrior king Van Fanel, who also feels that life has lost its meaning. Sworn to strike back at the Black Dragon Clan which destroyed his kingdom, he fights to exist, and he exists to fight. The arrival of the Wing Goddess marks the final turning point in Van's battle, as she holds the entire world's destiny in her heart. By summoning Escaflowne, the Wing Goddess will choose the path of Gaea's future. But is her heart's desire salvation... or destruction?
 High school student Hitomi is transported from Earth to the magical world of Gaea, where she meets boy prince Van Fanel, and is caught up in his quest to unite the countries of Gaea against the ominous Zaibach empire. On the way, she discovers an hidden ability and strives to unravel layers of mystery surrounding Van, his past, and the giant machine known as Escaflowne.
 This world has gone through many Dusks, and is slowly nearing its end. Within this world, in the western reaches of the "Land of Dusk," there was a nation that prospered thanks to its use of alchemy. There, in order to survive the eventual arrival of the "Dusk End," the people devoted their efforts to rediscover and recreate lost alchemic technologies. Rediscovered technology from the past era was gathered in the alchemy research city known as "Central," where research was conducted on how to halt the advance of the twilight. One of the heroes is a young man who researched alchemy in Central, the other a girl living in a small town on the frontier. This girl's name is Escha. In the process of using her knowledge of ancient alchemy to help others, she was assigned to the Development Department. The young man's name is Logy. Having learned the newest alchemic techniques in Central, he requested a transfer to this understaffed town to make use of his abilities, and meets Escha when he is assigned to the Development Department as well. The two make a promise to use their alchemy together, and bring success to the Development Department.
 The story follows the two titular girls Escha and Chron, whose contrasting personalities are like the sun and moon. The two girls are from Terminal, a future post-apocalyptic world that's empty and monochrome. The two girls cross worlds and arrive in the present day, which they call Transit. As Escha and Chron experience the light (scenery) and sound (music) of the real world, the future world of Terminal gradually changes into a more vivid world.
 Mami Sakura used to be a normal junior high school student, but she happened to acquire supernatural powers. Using her powers and with the help of her best friend, Mr. Takahata, she solves mysterious occurrences. When she senses someone needs help, she uses the "Teleportation Gun" and transports herself there. She then saves the world in trouble with her psychic powers, such as telekinesis and telepathy.
 Schoolgirl Mami Sakura discovers that she has superpowers. She can sense other people in trouble and teleport to help them, but she keeps her secret double-life hidden from her parents with the help of her schoolfriend, Kazuo Takahata. In this short film, Mami uses her powers to make a puppet show for deprived children.
 The distant future. After reaching its peak, Earth's population fell into decline. AI was developed to help preserve the species and manage the ecosystem; a grand experiment in human diversity. Through genetic engineering, a diverse array of peoples, including beastfolk, magical beings, and more, was created to live in a diverse city separated into walled "clusters".Each cluster developed a unique culture, befitting of the people that lived there. Their lives, and the system, is continually maintained by the AI to ensure survival.
 The distant future. After reaching its peak, Earth's population fell into decline. AI was developed to help preserve the species and manage the ecosystem; a grand experiment in human diversity. Through genetic engineering, a diverse array of peoples, including beastfolk, magical beings, and more, was created to live in a diverse city separated into walled "clusters".Each cluster developed a unique culture, befitting of the people that lived there. Their lives, and the system, is continually maintained by the AI to ensure survival.
 The story follows six middle-aged men who have experienced success and failures in their lives. One day, they decide to become an idol group and overcome such barriers as their age and their physical condition.
 The anime's story revolves around Nya-tan, the cat of Chinese astrology who wants to become a member of the Chinese zodiac. Nya-tan is simple and suffers from memory loss, and she tries various foolish ways to become a member. She meets Takeru Tendo, a high school student who lives alone in Akihabara, and becomes a freeloader at his house. Little by little, she gets closer to her goal.
 Special episodes of Etotama
 The seemingly eternal cat-and-mouse battle has ended, and now everyone is living peacefully. One day, an Eto-musume (Zodiac girl) named Na-tan appears, to the puzzlement of the 12 signs, and to the unreserved delight of Nya-tan (whose spirits are always lifted by the pure, straightforward Na-tan). Meanwhile, Chu-tan also appears and warns of a looming disaster. "The seal ... has been broken." Who is this mysterious Eto-musume Na-tan? What in the world is the deity that has awoken beneath the seal?
 Eureka Seven tells the story of a 14 year-old named Renton who lives with his mechanic grandfather, and whose life is thrown somewhat off-kilter when a mech called Nirvash crashes into his house one day and a young girl called Eureka pops up asking for help to repair it. Shortly after, the military mechs get involved.
 The story is set on Okinawa's isolated island of Iwado, which has seen a growing movement advocating a return to an autonomous government. Fukai Ao, a 13-year-old boy with a missing father, lives on the island with an old doctor named Toshio and is about to enter middle school. Ao's mother was taken away a decade ago by unknown individuals. Arata Naru, Ao's 13-year-old childhood friend and the story's heroine, lives with her father, older sister, and grandmother. She has a Yuta power awakened within her due to an incident when she was young.A mysterious entity called Secret suddenly appears and launches an attack on the Scub Coral lifeform on the island. In his fervent desire to protect the island, Ao launches a certain military FP called Nirvash aboard a Japanese military transport.
 The story is set on Okinawa's isolated island of Iwado, which has seen a growing movement advocating a return to an autonomous government. Ao Fukai, a 12-year-old boy with a missing father, lives on the island with an old doctor named Toshio and is about to enter middle school. Ao's mother was taken away a decade ago by unknown individuals. Naru Arata, Ao's 12-year-old childhood friend and the story's heroine, lives with her father, older sister, and grandmother. She has a "Yuta" power awakened within her due to an incident when she was young. A mysterious entity called "Secret" suddenly appears and launches an attack on the Scub Coral lifeform on the island. Ao launches a certain military FP called "Nirvash" aboard a Japanese military transport in his fervent desire to protect the island.
 A new episode split into five parts, further explaining the end of Eureka Seven AO.
 An original video anime, released on Blu-ray in a combined Hybrid Disc that also hold an Eureka Seven AO game for the PlayStation 3.The OVA is set between episodes eight and nine of the series.
 An original video anime, released on Blu-ray in a combined Hybrid Disc that also hold an Eureka Seven AO game for the PlayStation 3.The OVA is set between episodes eight and nine of the series.
 Renton, son of scientists, and Eureka, a girl who can't live under the sun, are raised together when very young and become very attached to each other. One day, Eureka is taken away. Powerless at the time, Renton vows to rescue her. He enters the military and is soon is assigned to the Independent Youths Unit 303 of the First Mobile Forces thanks to his exceptional performance alongside his Nirvash, a bio-mechanical armor/control system. Unknown to Renton, lies a plot to extinguish the alien invasion that is currently happening involving not only him, but Eureka too.
 Summary
 In the year 2054, there is a boy on board the Gekko, the mother ship of the 303rd Independent Horde under the command of Holland Novak. His name is Renton and his dream is to ride into battle on his Nirvash. He has resolved to one day rescue Eureka, his childhood friend who was kidnapped eight years ago, and to return home.
 The director Anno Hideaki affirms that everything remembers its old home, studio GAINAX, when he counts on creating a new, improved and updated Evangelion.The film is being handled by the production veteran that worked on the original Evangelion, as well as other new talents; the director suggests that this will exceed the success of the past series.
 Determined to completely renovate the Evangelion universe, last year Anno Hideaki, its creator, embarked on a new tetralogy that made the most of the latest animation technologies and meant a new beginning, closer to his original desires.Evangelion 1.0, presented at Sitges'08, re-updated the series' first six episodes and Evangelion 2.0 continues the task with the following fourteen. Mari, a new pilot, joins the NERV crew to continue defending Tokyo-3 from the Angels' attacks as the "Third impact" approaches, a catastrophe that, if it occurred, would permanently change humanity's destiny.
 After the second impact, all that remains of Japan is Tokyo-3, a city that's being attacked by giant creatures that seek to eradicate the human kind, called Angels. After not seeing his father for more than eight years, Shinji Ikari receives a phone call in which he is told to urgently come to the NERV Headquarters, an organization that deals with the destruction of the Angels through the use of giant mechs called Evas. Shinji's objective is to pilot the Eva Unit 01 while teaming up with the Eva Unit 00 pilot, Ayanami Rei.
 14 years after third impact, Ikari Shinji awakens to a world he does not remember. He hasn't aged. Much of Earth is laid in ruins, Nerv has been dismantled, and people who he once protected have turned against him. Befriending the enigmatic Nagisa Kaworu, Shinji continues the fight against the angels and realizes the fighting is far from over, even when it could be against his former allies. The characters' struggles continue amidst the battles against the angels and each other, spiraling down to what could inevitably be the end of the world.
 Fourteen years have passed since Third Impact, yet the Angels continue their attacks against mankind. Shinji Ikari is salvaged from Evangelion Unit-01 and finds that things have changed, but not for the better
 The fourth and final movie of the Evangelion rebuild movie series.
 Shinji Ikari is still adrift after losing his will to live, but the place he arrives at teaches him what it means to hope. Finally, the Instrumentality Project is set in motion and Wille make one last grueling stand to prevent the Final Impact.
 The end of the Neon Genesis Evangelion left many questions as to the fate of NERV, the Children, the Angels, and many other plot factors unanswered, unexplained, or otherwise hanging. To answer a legion of now befuddled Evangelion fans, Gainax remade the ending into a two-part movie known as Death and Rebirth which was to supersede episodes 25 and 26 of the television series, which then led to this movie, Death and Rebirth itself being recreated into part one of The End of Evangelion. It begins much in the same fashion, with the final Angel already having been defeated, and the current enemy switching to humanity itself as SEELE unleashes its own plan for the Evas and NERV... and indeed for the entire human race. What role will Shinji play in this ever-tense situation, as NERV gets chewed to pieces by SEELE's crack commandoes? Will Gendo's plan swallow up all of humanity? Will Hideaki Anno ever figure out how to end an anime? These questions and more will be answered in what looks to be the final installment of Evangelion. But at what price?
 In this modern society, a new kind of "illness" is striking young boys and girls. Loneliness, disbelief, and outrage push this generation to grow more and more attached to internet and technologies. The experts call these symptoms "Net Addiction." To cure this condition, a certain rehabilitation facility has been set up to "lead the young men back to the right path." Enrolled to treat his addiction, Hibiki had no idea that this rehabilitation facility is nothing more than a prison. In this hellish place where escape is prohibited, how will Hibiki overcome his despair?
 2014
 Rick Wheeler was a police detective who got into a fatal car accident while pursuing the criminal Zoda. He was placed into artificial coldsleep for 150 years. Wheeler is brought back to life by Jody Summer and Dr. Stewart, who work with a group of good racers who try to keep prize money out of the hands of unsavory people like the Dark Million Organization run by Black Shadow and Deathborn.
 Tatsumiyajima is the central island in the middle of a small cluster of islands, in a sleepy backwater of the Japanese isles. Not much happens there, and the island's young people go to school knowing that their lives are likely to remain peaceful and undisturbed. Or so they have been taught... but the truth is different. The fate of mankind is on the line, and Tatsumiyajima is the last line of defense against a hostile and incomprehensible enemy. At the center of it all, fighting for Humanity's continued existence, is the giant robot Fafner, the dragon that guards this final treasure of mankind.
 Yumi and Ryou are children who have been selected to take part in a top secret mission, to be the pilots of the first Fafner combat units; the last chance of survival for the human race. The enemy is ruthless, remorseless and is able to read the minds of humans. Therefore, the details of this mission are kept a secret even from the personnel involved. The young pilots must use all their courage and faith in order to survive and complete their mission or the fate of mankind would be compromised.
 The year is 2148.Two years have passed since the world was defended from the mysterious Festum, leaving the world in peace. Soushi promised Kazuki that he would one day return to Tatsumiya Island but instead he still keeps himself hidden, living his life in the peace that he created.But one day a mysterious ship arrives at Tatsumiya Island... a ship with nobody but a single sleeping girl on board.The peace isn't going to last as long as everyone might hope...
 A Festum gains Life. It wanted to be a human. Yes, to be a man named Minashiro Soushi. That's why I'm here.
 A gentle and talented boy named Michael played beautiful music on his oboe, and his greatest love was to play for and tend to the flowers in the greenhouse at the school of music where he attended. Unfortunately, his gardening made him constantly late for orchestra practice and resulted in his dismissal from the school. When Michael fell asleep that same night, he was awakened by a dainty Flower Fairy named Florence, who would take him on an enchanted journey to a land where flowers came alive, treble notes were mischievous, and adventure beckoned. There, he would soon come to realize that his love of flowers and desire to become a great musician could go hand-in-hand and help him to become focused in life and discover himself.
 "Once upon a time, fairies were tools of war."The story takes place in a world where fairies possess and dwell in animals, giving them mysterious abilities. By removing the organs of a possessed animal and transplanting them into humans, fairies can be summoned as an alter ego and be used as a weapon. Such individuals who used fairies as war tools were called "Fairy Soldiers." Once the war was over and they completed their roles, the soldiers lost their purpose. Some began working for the government, some joined the mafia, and some even became terrorists, as each chose their own way to live.Nine years have passed since the war. The protagonist Mariya is a new recruit of "Dorothea," an organization which investigates and suppresses fairy-related crimes. Amidst the unstable political situation, criminals with lingering wounds from the war and past conflicts emerge and engage in terrorism as an act of revenge. This is the story of Fairy Soldiers, fighting for their own justice in a chaotic postwar world.
 "Once upon a time, fairies were tools of war."The story takes place in a world where fairies possess and dwell in animals, giving them mysterious abilities. By removing the organs of a possessed animal and transplanting them into humans, fairies can be summoned as an alter ego and be used as a weapon. Such individuals who used fairies as war tools were called "Fairy Soldiers." Once the war was over and they completed their roles, the soldiers lost their purpose. Some began working for the government, some joined the mafia, and some even became terrorists, as each chose their own way to live.Nine years have passed since the war. The protagonist Mariya is a new recruit of "Dorothea," an organization which investigates and suppresses fairy-related crimes. Amidst the unstable political situation, criminals with lingering wounds from the war and past conflicts emerge and engage in terrorism as an act of revenge. This is the story of Fairy Soldiers, fighting for their own justice in a chaotic postwar world.
 Second season of Fairy Gone.
 Second season of Fairy Gone.
 Set in a world of cruelty and heartbreak, Fairy Ranmaru
 Lucy is a 16-year-old girl, who wants to be a full-fledged mage. One day when visiting Harujion Town, she meets Natsu, a young man who gets sick easily by any type of transportation.But Natsu isnt just any ordinary kid, he’s a member of one of the world’s most infamous mage guilds
 Natsu, Lucy, and their fellow Fairy Tail mages return to protect the humanity from powerful enemies, including but not limited to Dark Guilds, dragons, and Zeref, the most powerful dark mage.
 Fairies' Penalty Game is the seventh OVA for the Fairy Tail series by Hiro Mashima, and the first for the 2014 anime series. It was bundled along with the Special Edition of Volume 55 of the Manga, which was first released on May 17, 2016. Due to the bet they made during the Grand Magic Games, the time has finally come for Team Fairy Tail A and B to decide who will have the privilege to make the other team do whatever they desire, leading to a day's worth of antics from the two parties.
 A superficial but kind-hearted celestial mage, Lucy Heartfilia, joins a famous wizarding guild in Magnolia Town called Fairy Tail, where the members use their powers to earn rewards in exchange for fulfilling quests. Here she befriends an impetuous but faithful dragon-slayer wizard, Natsu Dragneel, who is scouring the land for his missing father. The two form a bond with fellow mages Erza Scarlet and Gray Fullbuster, and together they tackle daunting challenges, taking on several powerful allies and foes along the way. Created by Hiro Mashima, Fairy Tail is an action-packed adventure that follows Lucy and her friends as they learn the value of friendship, forgiveness and family.
 Dragon Cry is a magical artifact of deadly power, formed into a staff by the fury and despair of dragons long gone. Now, this power has been stolen from the hands of the Fiore kingdom by the nefarious traitor Zash Caine, who flees with it to the small island nation of Stella. Frightened that the power has fallen into the wrong hands, the King of Fiore hastily sends Fairy Tail to retrieve the staff. But this task proves frightening as a shadowy secret lies in the heart of the kingdom of Stella. Dragon Cry follows their story as they muster up all their strength to recover the stolen staff and save both kingdoms.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Dragon Cry is a magical artifact of deadly power, formed into a staff by the fury and despair of dragons long gone. Now, this power has been stolen from the hands of the Fiore kingdom by the nefarious traitor Zash Caine, who flees with it to the small island nation of Stella. Frightened that the power has fallen into the wrong hands, the King of Fiore hastily sends Fairy Tail to retrieve the staff. But this task proves frightening as a shadowy secret lies in the heart of the kingdom of Stella. Dragon Cry follows their story as they muster up all their strength to recover the stolen staff and save both kingdoms.
 Special OVAs bundled with the 26th, 27th and 31st volumes of the manga. 1. Youkoso Fairy Hills! Lucy comes across a mysterious written request.The client is looking for an object that is in Fairy Tail’s female dormitory, Fairy Hills. To verify the request, Lucy visits Fairy Hills, and discovers that the client is Hilda, the dormitory head who is looking for a “shining treasure.” Meanwhile, Natsu and the other guild members are cleaning their pool. 2. Yousei Gakuen
 Special OVAs bundled with the 26th, 27th and 31st volumes of the manga. 1. Youkoso Fairy Hills! Lucy comes across a mysterious written request.The client is looking for an object that is in Fairy Tail’s female dormitory, Fairy Hills. To verify the request, Lucy visits Fairy Hills, and discovers that the client is Hilda, the dormitory head who is looking for a “shining treasure.” Meanwhile, Natsu and the other guild members are cleaning their pool. 2. Yousei Gakuen
 The 100 Years Quest
 The final season of Fairy Tail.
 The final season of Fairy Tail.
 The film revolves around a mysterious girl named Eclair who appears before Fairy Tail, the world's most notorious wizard's guild. She lost all of her memories, except for the imperative that she must deliver two Phoenix Stones somewhere. The stones may spell the collapse of the magical world, and Natsu, Lucy and the rest of the Fairy Tail guild are caught up in the intrigue.
 Dee Laytner and Randy "Ryo" Maclane are two New York cops taking a needed vacation in England. Dee has very strong feelings for Ryo and wants to take this chance to advance their relationship (and if he's lucky, maybe seduce Ryo). Ryo doesn't understand his own feelings for Dee, and doesn't know if he wants to (or should) acknowledge them. Their vacation and relationship is suddenly disturbed when murders and missing person reports keep surfacing around their hotel. The only common tie the cases have is that all of the victims were Japanese or Japanese descent. Dee and Ryo have to solve the case before Ryo, who is half Japanese, becomes the next victim.
 Lin Qinghan's grandfather is at stake, but regardless of the stability of the Lin Group, the relatives use all kinds of despicable ways to frame the female president Lin Qinghan and fight for the family property. However, the son-in-law, Zhang Xuan who is called Satan, the lord of the Dragon King Palace, solves the problem one by one.
 Lin Qinghan's grandfather is at stake, but regardless of the stability of the Lin Group, the relatives use all kinds of despicable ways to frame the female president Lin Qinghan and fight for the family property. However, the son-in-law, Zhang Xuan who is called Satan, the lord of the Dragon King Palace, solves the problem one by one.
 Li Xiaobai, who entered the immersive stand-alone game Faerie Continent, joined the Xianyu Sect of the Northern Territory and became the seventh disciple of Feng Lingzi in Misty Peak. But because the system was artificially modified by an unknown person, he was trapped in the game. Only by completing the final mission
 A poor and ordinary boy from a village joins a minor sect in Jiang Hu and becomes an Unofficial Disciple by chance. How will Han Li, a commoner by birth, establish a foothold for himself in in his sect? With his mediocre aptitude, he must successfully traverse the treacherous path of cultivation and avoid the notice of those who may do him harm. This is a story of an ordinary mortal who, against all odds, clashes with devilish demons and ancient celestials in order to find his own path towards immortality.
 Second part of Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis

 Akihiro is a teenaged boy with fantasies. He's about to have date with his girlfriend Miyuki when he finds a strange carpet on his way home. Home, a pretty and over-energetic girl named Malon appears from the carpet. She tells Akihiro about the world of Phantasia and wants to live with Akihiro. But even if Akihiro loves pretty girls, he becomes angry with Malon's magical powers and drives her away. The maniac wizard, Roll, who wants to kill Malon, doesn't help at all.
 This original story revolves around cute dolls who fight and power up with special cards.
 A group of enigmatic white-haired children has been spotted at different times and places in Europe for over 500 years. Always with the appearance of 11-year-olds, they behave far more mature than they should be, never grow old, and seem to have supernatural power. What they have been seeking is a girl, and the only clue they have is a picture with a crescent moon. Now, in the year of 2012, an athletic boy named Tohma is about to be involved in this centuries-long mystery.
 A group of enigmatic white-haired children has been spotted at different times and places in Europe for over 500 years. Always with the appearance of 11-year-olds, they behave far more mature than they should be, never grow old, and seem to have supernatural power. What they have been seeking is a girl, and the only clue they have is a picture with a crescent moon. Now, in the year of 2012, an athletic boy named Tohma is about to be involved in this centuries-long mystery.
 The United States and the Soviet Union have both developed technology that can miniaturize matter by shrinking individual atoms, but only for one hour. (The novel stated that the duration of miniaturization is inversely proportional to its degree. A 50% reduction, say, could be maintained for many days, but a reduction to microbial size could last for only an hour.)Scientist Dr. Jan Benes (Jean Del Val), working behind the Iron Curtain, has figured out how to make the process work indefinitely. With the help of American intelligence agents, including agent Charles Grant (Boyd), he escapes to the West, but an attempted assassination leaves him comatose with a blood clot in his brain that no surgery can remove from the outside.To save his life, agent Grant, Navy pilot Captain Bill Owens (Redfield), Dr. Michaels (Pleasence), surgeon Dr. Peter Duval (Kennedy), and his assistant Cora Peterson (Welch) are placed aboard a Navy submarine (originally designed to study the deep-sea spawning habits of fish) at the Combined Miniature Deterrent Forces facilities. The submarine, named Proteus, is then miniaturized to "about the size of a microbe", and injected into Benes. The team has 60 minutes to get to and remove the clot; after this, Proteus and its crew will begin to revert to their normal size, become vulnerable to Benes's immune system, and (in the words of Asimov's novelization) "kill Benes regardless of the success of the surgery."The crew faces many obstacles during the mission. An arteriovenous fistula forces them to detour through the heart, where cardiac arrest must be induced (at the risk of killing Benes) to, at best, reduce turbulence that would be strong enough to destroy Proteus. After an unexplained loss of oxygen, they must replenish their supply in the lungs. They are forced to pass through the inner ear, requiring all outside personnel to make no noise, so as to prevent destructive shocks (a sound is accidentally made from a fallen surgery tool though, and the ship and crew are badly thrown about and Cora is, as a result, almost killed by antibodies). To top it all, they discover after their detour through the heart, the surgical laser that is needed to destroy the clot was damaged from the turbulence, as this was due to it not being strapped down as it was before. It is after learning what happened to the laser, the crew confirms a saboteur is on the mission. They must cannibalize their wireless radio to repair the laser, making communication and guidance from outside impossible to get from then on (although the surgeons outside Benes's body would still be able to track their every move). By the time they finally reach the clot, they have only six minutes remaining to operate and then exit the body.Before the mission, Grant had been briefed that Duval was the prime suspect as a potential surgical assassin, but as the mission progresses, he pieces the evidence together, and near the end, instead begins to suspect Michaels. During the critical phase of the operation, Dr. Michaels knocks out Owens and takes control of Proteus, while the rest of the crew is outside for the operation. Duval successfully removes the clot with the laser, but Michaels tries to crash the submarine into the clot area to kill Benes. Grant fires the laser at the ship, causing it to veer away and crash. Grant saves Owens from the Proteus, but Michaels is trapped in the wreckage and killed when a white blood cell attacks, destroys and eats the ship. The remaining crew swim desperately to one of Benes' eyes, and thanks to General Carter (Edmond O'Brien) and Colonel Reid (Arthur O'Connell) figuring out their escape strategy shortly after the timer runs out, escape through a tear duct before returning to normal size
 A dull old man and his handsome best friend were summoned to another world by a naked goddess! However, because of the goddess's mischief, he has turned into a peerless beautiful girl?! To get back his body, he has to go on a journey with his best friend to defeat the demon king!! "An old man that became a beautiful girl" and "A handsome old man"! Let the madness-filled, rom-com journey in another world begin!!
 Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl, live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother. Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick, Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity? Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out!
 Yoji and Kei, a boy and girl, live in a town in the not-so-distant future with their foster parent, Anna. But these seemingly ordinary children have a secret hidden even from their unsuspecting mother.Yoji and Kei are superhero defenders of their town! With a flap of their capes, the two of them and their robot bear sidekick, Oscar, protect the citizens in their town with their handmade high-tech machinery. But from what menace? And will our little heroes be able to overcome the crisis about to threaten the town's peaceful everyday serenity?Check out this utterly electrifying near-future animation to find out!
 Youji, Kei, Kelly, and the bear-shaped robot Oscar save the town yet again using Fastening Machines! This time, they meet a kindhearted young boy named Samhen and his AI robot Jack. Shy Samhen, who transfers into Kei and Kelly's class, doesn't seem to like talking about himself much, but his chatty little buddy Jack is more than happy to help him communicate. One peaceful afternoon, the young heroes must protect the town from sudden and serious danger! Will they be able to save everyone? Pay attention to the bond between AI and humans, which the children take action to protect!
 Youji, Kei, Kelly, and the bear-shaped robot Oscar save the town yet again using Fastening Machines! This time, they meet a kindhearted young boy named Samhen and his AI robot Jack. Shy Samhen, who transfers into Kei and Kelly's class, doesn't seem to like talking about himself much, but his chatty little buddy Jack is more than happy to help him communicate. One peaceful afternoon, the young heroes must protect the town from sudden and serious danger! Will they be able to save everyone? Pay attention to the bond between AI and humans, which the children take action to protect!
 After defeating Geese Howard, legendary fighter Terry Bogard faces German warrior Wolfgang Krauser, only to suffer a humiliating defeat. Depressed by his loss, Terry wanders around the country, wasting his life through drinking. Only a young boy named Tony can convince Terry to go back to his winning ways, conquer his fears, and once again face Krauser.
 Ten years after the death of their foster father, brothers Terry and Andy Bogard return to Southtown to extract revenge from crime lord Geese Howard. They team up with kickboxing champion Joe Higashi and participate in the prestigious King of Fighters tournament in hopes of facing Geese and giving him his well-deserved defeat.
 Spin-off of Fate/stay night with Illyasviel von Einzbern as the protagonist, living an alternate life as a school girl.
 Specials bundled with the all the BD/DVD volumes.
 Shirou Emiya lost his parents in a fire when he was young and was later adopted by a sorceror by the name of Kiritsugu Emiya.Although he was full of admiration for his adopted father and yearns to become an ally of justice, Shirou has limited powers and was unable to become a strong sorceror like his father. That is until one fateful day, he was drawn into the Holy Grail War and had to summon a female “Servant” known as Saber in order to protect himself. It turns out that the Holy Grail War involves a series of battles among powerful sorcerors to fight for the possession of a relic that will grant one’s wishes, the Holy Grail. There are altogether seven “Masters” who can summon their respective “Servants” from different classes known as Saber, Archer, Rider, Berserker, Lancer, Caster and Assasin. These “Servants” have to hide their names in order not to reveal their weaknesses to the enemies. The story revolves around Shirou and his entanglement in the Holy Grail War.Genres
 Taking place 10 years before the events of Fate/stay night, this series chronicles the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War.
 Taking place 10 years before the events of Fate/stay night, this series chronicles the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War.
 The setting is a parallel world to Fate/stay night where the Greater Grail mysteriously disappeared from Fuyuki after the Third Holy Grail War. After many years of silence, around the same time as the Fifth Holy Grail War would have happened, the Yggdmillennia, a family of magi, openly declares their secession from the Mage's Association, and that they are in possession of the Grail. The Association dispatches fifty magi to retrieve it, and all but one are instantly slaughtered by a mysterious Servant. The one remaining manages to activate the reserve system of the Greater Grail, allowing for the summoning of fourteen Servants in total.In the city of Trifas, two factions will fight for the control of the sacred relic, each of them possessing their own team of seven Servants 
 Waking up in a strange virtual world with no recollection of the past, Hakuno finds himself forced to fight for survival in a war he does not understand for a prize beyond value; the opportunity to have one's wish granted. With only an enigmatic "Servant" by his side, Hakuno Kishinami will have to face both friends and foes in battles to the death in order to not only gain possession of a mysterious object known as the "Holy Grail," but also to find the answer to the most important question of all
 The final three episodes of Fate/Extra
 A technological hell masquerading as paradise, Tsukimihara Academy is an artificial high school that serves as the setting for the next Holy Grail War. Created by the Moon Cell computer, the school is inhabited by Earth-projected souls who have even the slightest aptitude for being a "Master." Of these 256 souls, 128 will be chosen for the main tournament and granted a Servant. With all of the Masters selected, the Academy activates a purge, targeting the remaining lifeforms for elimination.Awakening in a pool of his own blood, Hakuno Kishinami refuses to die. Fueled by unknown feelings of hatred, he vows to fight for survival. As he struggles to escape from a relentless pursuer, he finds a crimson blade plunged into the ground; and by pulling it out, Hakuno summons his own Servant, Saber, who instantly destroys his pursuer in a flurry of rose petals. With his newfound power, Hakuno must now begin his journey to Moon Cell's core, the Angelica Cage. There, he will unveil the reason for this artificial world and the secrets of his own blood-soaked past.
 The first episode of "season" one was pre-aired on the Fate Project New Year's Eve TV Special 2020 program.
 The first episode of "season" one was pre-aired on the Fate Project New Year's Eve TV Special 2020 program.
 An adaptation of the the Sixth Singularity, The Sacred Round Table Realm Camelot Singularity of Fate/Grand Order.
 An adaptation of the the Sixth Holy Grail Singularity, The Sacred Round Table Realm Camelot Singularity of Fate/Grand Order.
 Part two of Fate/Grand Order
 Part two of Fate/Grand Order
 Anime adaptation of Solomon arc of Fate/Grand Order video game.

 An adaptation of the Seventh Holy Grail War, The Absolute Frontline in the War Against the Demonic Beasts Babylonia Singularity of Fate/Grand Order.
 An adaptation of the Seventh Holy Grail War, The Absolute Frontline in the War Against the Demonic Beasts Babylonia Singularity of Fate/Grand Order.
 The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, eighth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya’s finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn!
 Illyasviel von Einzbern is a normal schoolgirl in Japan. She lives with her overachieving nice guy older brother Shirou Emiya and her two maids, her parents are perpetually out of the country, and she has fanciful dreams of using magic to make her dreams of love with Shirou come true. Enter fierce rivals Rin Tohsaka and Luviagelita Edelfelt, two Magi who have been sent to Japan by Zelretch the Wizard Marshall, Master of Parallel Worlds, with the powerful sentient Kaleidosticks to collect the mysterious Class Cards and clean up their mess. After getting fed up with their constant infighting, one Kaleidostick, Magical Ruby, senses Illya's fleeting dream of magic and leaves Rin for her, tricking her into becoming a magical girl. Now Illya is being forced by Rin to collect the dangerous Class Cards in her place. But perhaps more dangerous still are Illya's own mysteries that may have unknowingly attracted Ruby to her.
 The official website of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya anime franchise revealed on Friday that the Blu-ray Disc volumes and the limited-edition DVD volumes of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya 2wei Herz! anime will each contain a five-minute episode of a short anime titled "Beast, Again!" (Beast, Futatabi!).
 The magical girls are back, and ready for another round of adventure! After successfully recovering the Class Cards, fifth graders-turned magical girls Illya and Miyu think they can finally take it easy. But as fate would have it, the girls are once again called back into active duty when they find out that the Cards have left some very nasty side effects on their world. However, their seemingly easy mission goes totally awry with the appearance of a dark stranger who looks just like Illya! Who is this new but familiar face, where did she come from, and what does she want from Illya? With the arrival of this new foe, it seems like Illya's finally met her match when her everyday life takes one dark turn!
 Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon.Note
 Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series.
 Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the TV series.
 Specials included with the BD/DVD releases.

 Fate/Prototype is a digest version of Kinoko Nasu's original version of Fate/stay night.
 After a mysterious inferno kills his family, Shirou is saved and adopted by Kiritsugu Emiya, who teaches him the ways of magic and justice.One night, years after Kiritsugu's death, Shirou is cleaning at school, when he finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly encounter between two superhumans known as Servants. During his attempt to escape, the boy is caught by one of the Servants and receives a life-threatening injury. Miraculously, he survives, but the same Servant returns to finish what he started. In desperation, Shirou summons a Servant of his own, a knight named Saber. The two must now participate in the Fifth Holy Grail War, a battle royale of seven Servants and the mages who summoned them, with the grand prize being none other than the omnipotent Holy Grail itself.Fate/stay night follows Shirou as he struggles to find the fine line between a hero and a killer, his ideals clashing with the harsh reality around him. Will the boy become a hero like his foster father, or die trying?
 The Holy Grail War
 The Holy Grail War
 Second of three movies adapting the third route of Fate/stay night.
 The second of three movies adapting the third route of Fate/stay night.
 Final of three movies in an adaption of the third route of Fate/stay night.
 This is the adaptation of the 2nd route of the popular visual novel
 This is the adaptation of the second route of the popular visual novel
 New anime adaptation of Fate/stay night, following the Unlimited Blade Works route.
 Included with the second Blu-ray box set for the series, the short adapts "sunny day," an alternate "good" ending to the "Unlimited Blade Works" route from the original Fate/stay night game.
 Fate/strange Fake centers around an imperfect copy of a Grail War based on the Third Holy Grail War in Fuyuki. Following the conclusion of the third Grail War, a US-based organization with magi distinct from the London-based Mage Association, used data from Fuyuki's Grail War to plan their own ritual. Seventy years later, they used the city of Snowfield as the Sacred Land for their own Grail War. However, they were unable to successfully replicate every aspect of the ritual, resulting in it acting only as an imitation that has lost the Saber class and allowed for the summoning of strange Servants due to the blurring of the definition of a "hero."Rohngall and his pupil, Faldeus, have been dispatched by the Mage's Association to investigate the city and the state of the war. Faldeus, a US organization spy, has Rohngall sniped upon his arrival, despite knowing that Rohngall is a puppet. He declares that their Holy Grail War has been in development and is real, causing a commotion at the Clock Tower, and that he wishes to "advertise" the project to the Association.
 As the Fourth Holy Grail War rages on with no clear victor in sight, the remaining Servants and their Masters are called upon by Church supervisor Risei Kotomine, in order to band together and confront an impending threat that could unravel the Grail War and bring about the destruction of Fuyuki City. The uneasy truce soon collapses as Masters demonstrate that they will do anything in their power, no matter how despicable, to win.Seeds of doubt are sown between Kiritsugu Emiya and Saber, his Servant, as their conflicting ideologies on heroism and chivalry clash. Meanwhile, an ominous bond forms between Kirei Kotomine, who still seeks to find his purpose in life, and one of the remaining Servants. As the countdown to the end of the war reaches zero, the cost of winning begins to blur the line between victory and defeat.



 The hilarious everyday lives of ancient deities and mythical creatures in the modern world.
 Second season of Fei Ren Zai.
 Third season of Fei Ren Zai.
 Fourth season of Fei Ren Zai.
 The hilarious everyday lives of ancient deities and mythical creatures in the modern world.
 It is rumored in the martial world that a mystery white-haired girl suddenly appeared around the thief Feng Ling Er. She is so powerful that many martial arts masters can't defeat her. The girl's identity, the source of her power and her influence to the world all caused discussion among the public. But Feng Ling Er and the white-haired girl named Bai Yu Xiu never care about it. They travel the world with pleasure, unaware of a great conspiracy coming towards them.
 During the Wu Zhou period, Wu Zetian's imperial examination system severely hindered the interests of the traditional aristocrats. They were prepared to prevent Wu Zetian from ascending the throne. The protagonist Pei Kun came to the divine city Luoyang and was involved in the conspiracy of Chun Qiudao. Through a series of accidents, he tears apart this huge conspiracy.
 During ancient times, the hostile jellyfish-like aliens invaded Earth. One of the genius ape-man possessed the high-technology Dinosaur Configurator and defeated the aliens and saved the world.In present days, Configuration Technology has changed the entire world. Andy, Toothy and Hero have to defend together with the Super Force the world from the criminal scientist "The Mole" and the Space Jellyfish leader that invaded Earth millions years ago. The Space Jellyfish leader is trapped on Earth for many years and hopes to gain back its energy to conquer Earth again.Andy and his friends need to train and defend the Earth with their hi-tech robots -- The Configurators!
 Heroes of old appear to return peace to earth.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The second season of Fengzi Wuyu.
 In our infinite universe, there are countless planets and worlds. Among those shining stars, there exists a world called "The Roc Kun". The continent of wind is a land of wars and disorders.Here, a story of a warrior, is about to begin...
 Meet Plug, an unusual girl from a parallel world. Plug is a “Juuden-chan,” capable of “recharging” people down on their luck, spreading good cheer wherever she goes!
 Meet Plug, an unusual girl from a parallel world. Plug is a "Juuden-chan," capable of "recharging" people down on their luck, spreading good cheer wherever she goes!
 Fight League is a cellphone game from XFLAG that released last June, and the system was updated one year later this June. It is available in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao, and Canada. It is a strategic game that is like board game or card game, which can attack using the arrow or create chain with the ally. There are five brands of fighters, and the anime will be focusing on GGG, a.k.a Gear Gadge Generation, which using Gadget fight.
 An 11-year old boy named Zen bands together with his younger sister, Karen, and a young boy who has a large appetite, Pitan, to battle an evil empire by using their "Foodons"; strange monsters that are created from various foods.
 Tsubasa Shiina is a 10-year-old girl who recently moved to Hokkaido to live with her father. In school, she is very quiet and unsociable with her classmates. Then one night, she witnesses a UFO crash in the forest near her home. She rushes to the scene and finds the pilot, codenamed "D.D.", in a barely stable condition. Also in the scene is a Maguar, a hideous alien that hatched aboard D.D.'s ship. As the Maguar is close to taking Tsubasa's life, an alien lifeform fuses with her body to form the Riberus battle armor Figure 17, which shortly destroys the alien threat. The life form takes the name Hikaru and turns into an identical twin of Tsubasa. As time passes, Tsubasa becomes more open to everyone around her, thanks to her new twin sister Hikaru. However, with Maguar eggs scattered all over Hokkaido, their ability to form Figure 17 is needed to eliminate all hatched Maguars until backup from D.D.'s home planet arrives on Earth.
 Tsubasa Shiina is a 10-year-old girl who recently moved to Hokkaido to live with her father. In school, she is very quiet and unsociable with her classmates. Then one night, she witnesses a UFO crash in the forest near her home. She rushes to the scene and finds the pilot, codenamed "D.D.", in a barely stable condition. Also in the scene is a Maguar, a hideous alien that hatched aboard D.D.'s ship. As the Maguar is close to taking Tsubasa's life, an alien lifeform fuses with her body to form the Riberus battle armor Figure 17, which shortly destroys the alien threat. The life form takes the name Hikaru and turns into an identical twin of Tsubasa. As time passes, Tsubasa becomes more open to everyone around her, thanks to her new twin sister Hikaru. However, with Maguar eggs scattered all over Hokkaido, their ability to form Figure 17 is needed to eliminate all hatched Maguars until backup from D.D.'s home planet arrives on Earth.
 Two years have passed since the final battle with Sephiroth...Though Midgar, city of mako, city of prosperity, has been reduced to ruins, its people slowly but steadily walk the road to reconstruction. However, a mysterious illness called Geostigma torments them. With no cure in sight, it brings death to the afflicted, one after another, robbing the people of their fledgling hope.And so Cloud, who walked away from the life of a hero to live in solitude, must step forward yet again.
 Two years ago, the world was changed forever. The young Cloud Strife and his band of friends may have defeated Sephiroth and thwarted his plan to crash a giant meteor into the Earth, but this victory was not without great cost. The highly populated city of Midgar was nearly ripped apart in the conflict. Fortunately, many of the city's citizens were able to evacuate to safety, and in the years afterward have formed a new home called Edge.Final Fantasy VII
 In the Year FC 60, much of mankind inhabits space colonies which orbit the Earth. Dominance over the colonies is decided once every four years by a large tournament in which each nation sends a single representative to fight the others with a giant robot called a Gundam. Domon Kashuu is selected to represent Neo-Japan in one of these tournaments, but he fights less to ensure his nation’s victory than to find his brother, who has been blamed for the deaths of Domon’s parents and the disappearance of a very dangerous weapon, the Dark Gundam or Devil Gundam.
 At Saint Hoshikawa School there is a secret group called the G-On Riders. Students with superior strength and ability are chosen to be in the group, which was formed to fight against alien attacks on the earth. However, many of the problems that the members face are ones amongst themselves, and the same is true for the invaders. And another student at the school, Ichiro, tries desperately to confess his love to Yuki, one of the Riders.
 "Will you kill someone you love because of love?"The Japanese Ministry of Defense has an anti-paranormal special forces group called the Supernatural Disaster Prevention Office. They are the ones responsible to protect Japanese soil and its people from supernatural and paranormal events. However, things didn't go so well in one of their missions...
 It’s Kisaragi’s first year in GA, Geijutsuka Art Design Class, the specialized art and design department at her high school. However, the ditzy freshman doesn’t know much about art at all! Fortunately, she’s got four friends at her side, ready to help! However, she’ll have to be careful around energetic Tomokane, whose exuberance has caused the demise of several art projects!And Noda’s playfulness might just prove a little too distracting when deadlines are looming. However, the responsible Namiko is around keep everyone in line, and honor student Professor always has a ready explanation when there are questions. Whether it’s redoing the modern techniques project for the third time, fantasizing through collage, or pranks in the cafeteria, there’s never a dull moment for Kisaragi and her friends!
 It’s Kisaragi’s first year in GA, Geijutsuka Art Design Class, the specialized art and design department at her high school. However, the ditzy freshman doesn’t know much about art at all! Fortunately, she’s got four friends at her side, ready to help! However, she’ll have to be careful around energetic Tomokane, whose exuberance has caused the demise of several art projects!And Noda’s playfulness might just prove a little too distracting when deadlines are looming. However, the responsible Namiko is around keep everyone in line, and honor student Professor always has a ready explanation when there are questions. Whether it’s redoing the modern techniques project for the third time, fantasizing through collage, or pranks in the cafeteria, there’s never a dull moment for Kisaragi and her friends!Genres
 Chief Angel has come to Earth! However, she became so used to the life on Earth that she skips school and keeps playing online games, thus into self-destruction. It's a school comedy that Gabriel turns into a lazy angel!
 Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Gabriel DropOut.
 Several hundred years in the future, the resources of the Earth runs out, and the progression of the human race has stagnated. The world is now divided into "Units". A boy named Hajiki Sanada lives with his mother and sister in Unit 74, in a place called "Night Town", in which all electricity is shut down at midnight. The key in this story is an object called the GAD. GADs have the ability to reconstruct materials while reacting to feelings of an organic life. The size and shape of the resulting product seem to be different depending on the kinds of feelings that the life possesses. When Hajiki comes in contact with one by accident, it transforms into a huge robot--a Tekkoudo, or "Iron Giant"--which Hajiki names Lightning. And soon he realizes that he isn't the only one with a Tekkoudo, and must find out how to deal with those others who he feels are the "same" as himself.
 A boy, Tsuwabaki Daiya found a black fire in an ocean when he and his father were in a small boat. A big monster came out of the fire, and the father and the crews were disappeared into the sea. When he was about to become the next victim, a large mecka dragon appeared and saved him.5 years later since then, Daiya becomes a junior high school student. A big monster reappear, and he meets the mecha dragon,"Daiku Maryu". The head of the dragon separates from the body, and it turns into the body of a super robot, Gaiking. He gets in Gaiking, fights against the monster, and beats it.He learns that there is an enemy that plots to conquer the world, and he leaves for another world, Darius, to stop the plot.
 The comedy manga's story centers on a skeleton named Honda who works in a bookstore. Hilarity ensues daily in his work at the shop's manga counter.
 Unaired episode included with the DVD releases bundled with the re-release of the first three volumes of the manga.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 In the story, Gaimetal, a metal ore with high amounts of pure energy, was discovered 50,000 meters (160,000 feet) underground in 2047, and mining began all around the world. However, Gaist, metallic lifeforms whose bodies are entirely encrusted with Gaimetal, emerged in 2055 and began attacking people. In 2064, Rekka, Hayato, Kurama, and Siren are among those who suit up in Gaist Gear and battle over 100 varieties of Gaist creatures
 In a fictional school, “Tender Tank” Rareko is constantly opening absurd yet strangely enthusiastic debates, this way creating a lively classroom life. Bringing up tremendous themes, she and her classmates exchange words like sword-strokes, and here and there even a profound remark is slipped in. A fun and informative debate comedy, packed into only five minutes each time.
 In a fictional school, “Tender Tank” Rareko is constantly opening absurd yet strangely enthusiastic debates, this way creating a lively classroom life. Bringing up tremendous themes, she and her classmates exchange words like sword-strokes, and here and there even a profound remark is slipped in. A fun and informative debate comedy, packed into only five minutes each time.
 Takeya Yuki is in love with the school. For her, it's a wonderful place, where she enjoys her school activities, especially the activities of her club
 After their parents are killed in a plane crash, Ryuuichi and his younger brother Kotarou are taken in by the chairman, who they never met before, of an elite academy. Ryuuichi becomes the school daycare's new babysitter.
 Special episode bundled with the 7th Blu-ray volume.
 The Gakuen Basara school battle comedy parody reimagines the Warring States Era warriors of CAPCOM's action game franchise as rival students in a modern high school. Date Masamune and Sanada Yukimura battle to replace Toyotomi Hideyoshi as the next student council president.
 The school love story is set at Baramon High School, a private boys' school for the prefecture's most elite. The protagonist is a seventeen year old boy who transfers into the school and meets various major players on campus, such as the outlaw teacher, the soccer captain, and a childhood friend whom the protagonist has not seen for seven years. The school presents opportunities for friendship, love and conflict, and changes are now bound to happen in the main character's life.
 It all started when Keita Ito received a letter sealed with the initial BL Academy. The most sophisticated all boys, on campus, Academy in the country. Now that Keita Ito is accepted in the school with an average GBA, as well as average skills in sports and writing, he doesn’t think that he belong in there. But with the help from the other students, will he be able to make it in BLA.
 The world is about to be turned upside down for Hajime Murata. First, a strange alien ship appears over Tokyo, and then a mysterious new transfer student arrives at his school wearing an ancient school uniform. His name is Muryou, and with his arrival, everything begins to change. Students suddenly begin to display amazing psychic powers, a giant white guardian keeps appearing in the skies over the city to fight off gigantic alien creatures, and men with threatening weapons are haunting the shadows of the school grounds.With all these strange events taking place around him, Hajime is determined to figure out the truth about a world he thought he already knew. This is his story
 Manabi Straight! follows the lives of a group of young high school girls living in the year 2035 while they attend the all-girl Seioh Private High School. Since the birth rate has dropped dramatically, schools are being closed down due to the sheer lack of students available to teach. Morale in schools has dropped dramatically, and Seioh is no exception.The story begins when the main character, Manami Amamiya, transfers to Seioh. After some initial hijinks involving a futuristic scooter and a swim meet, followed by an inspirational school song performance, she is inducted as the student council president. The story that follows pertains to Manami working with Mika Inamori, the only other student council member, and three other classmates named Mutsuki Uehara, Mei Etoh, and Momoha Odori, in student council matters. After some remodeling of the student council room, Manami and her friends set forth to plan for the upcoming student festival.
 This episode takes place before the actual planning of the School Fair and shows how the girls spend their summer holidays.
 Second season of Gakusen Toshi Asterisk.

 One day, Kaede, a gyaru, picks up a dinosaur and begins living with it. The short comedy depicts their daily lives together as the dinosaur consumes human food, watches TV, and enjoys fashionable things. Thus begins the story of a gal and a dinosaur cohabiting that transcends time.
 Wasted from the night before, Kaede wakes up the next morning to find herself at home with a dinosaur she had brought along with her. The two start living together as an odd pair consisting of a typical gal girl and a mute dinosaur going about daily lives. Although not the most experienced paleontologist, Kaede begins to learn more about her new prehistoric roommate through a series of comedic gags and adventures.
 The anime is set in Holy Girls Square Academy, an academy for training pro star performers. The anime will focus on students who aim to participate in the academy's annual big event, the Girls' Arena
 The young Kimball Kinnison is leaving home for a wider education when a Galactic Patrol ship crashes on his family's land and the dying pilot gives him a mysterious Lens. Half-sentient, the Lens now implanted in his hand becomes the focus of changes in Kim's life including his father's death, a space battle, and an encounter with Galactic Patrol nursing officer Chris. Impelled by the Lens, he discovers a new world of experiences opening before him and he risks his life to save Chris and the Universe.

 The Angel Brigade, an elite branch of the Transbaal Empire military, are assigned to search for The Lost Technology, mysterious items from the past that hold unknown powers. Led by the soon to retire Colonel Volcott O' Huey, the Angel Brigade travel to different planets using their specially designed Emblem Frame ships to search for Lost Technology. Unfortunately, they usually mess up somehow and end up getting into all kinds of weird and troublesome situations.
 The Angel Brigade, an elite branch of the Transbaal Empire military, are assigned to search for The Lost Technology, mysterious items from the past that hold unknown powers. Led by the soon to retire Colonel Volcott O' Huey, the Angel Brigade travel to different planets using their specially designed Emblem Frame ships to search for Lost Technology. Unfortunately, they usually mess up somehow and end up getting into all kinds of weird and troublesome situations.
 In the far future, the human race advanced to space, and prospered. However, Jikushin ( earthquake of time and space ) which occurred suddenly intercepted all networks, and all the civilizations were reset. However, the human race begins to revive, and enters the prosperity age of The Second by the Transvaal imperial country which rises at the center of the galactic system. The science and technology before the civilization was reset, that is, "Lost Technology" was considered to be god`s task. And, it came to be worshiped by the priest who was called "Tsuki no miko".On the other hand, a certain guard fleet was stationed in the frontier of the galactic system. Though it was the seemingly perfectly ordinary army, the team composed only of the woman called "Angel Corps" existed in this army. They controlled the spaceship which was called "Angel Frame" which was the relic of Lost Technology. And, they collected the lost technology by using the angel frame, and carried out the duties to manage them. They were not the elite pilots, but Angel Corps was rather an eccentric person`s group. Arms mania`s Forte, costume player`s Mint, taciturn Vanilla, showy Ranpha and Milfeulle who likes cooking ... Every time, they cause a big trouble in the mission.
 Their mission is to locate and retrieve the mysterious Lost Technology, even though these girls have never been known to stick to their mission. Milfeulle, Forte, Ranpha, Mint, and Vanilla are back for another round of hilarity. The Galaxy Angels have sworn to protect the galaxy one planet at a time. Now with some competition with the newly-formed Twin Star Brigade, they continue to find themselves in the center of chaos... though usually they're the ones at fault for its cause.
 Their mission is to locate and retrieve the mysterious Lost Technology, even though these girls have never been known to stick to their mission. Milfeulle, Forte, Ranpha, Mint, and Vanilla are back for another round of hilarity. The Galaxy Angels have sworn to protect the galaxy one planet at a time. Now with some competition with the newly-formed Twin Star Brigade, they continue to find themselves in the center of chaos... though usually they're the ones at fault for its cause.
 Specials from Galaxy Angel 3 DVDs.
 Specials from Galaxy Angel 3 DVDs.
 Starting out with the new Galaxy Angel, Chitose Karasuma, the Angel Troupe continue their search for The Lost Technology while running into different kinds of mishaps.
 Starting out with the new Galaxy Angel, Chitose Karasuma, the Angel Troupe continue their search for The Lost Technology while running into different kinds of mishaps.
 Apricot Sakuraba and 4 new girls were now assigned as the new Galaxy Angels with the same mission
 In the far future, the human race advanced to space, and prospered. However, Jikushin ( earthquake of time and space ) which occurred suddenly intercepted all networks, and all the civilizations were reset. However, the human race begins to revive, and enters the prosperity age of The Second by the Transvaal imperial country which rises at the center of the galactic system. The science and technology before the civilization was reset, that is, "Lost Technology" was considered to be god`s task. And, it came to be worshiped by the priest who was called "Tsuki no miko".On the other hand, a certain guard fleet was stationed in the frontier of the galactic system. Though it was the seemingly perfectly ordinary army, the team composed only of the woman called "Angel Corps" existed in this army. They controlled the spaceship which was called "Angel Frame" which was the relic of Lost Technology. And, they collected the lost technology by using the angel frame, and carried out the duties to manage them. They were not the elite pilots, but Angel Corps was rather an eccentric person`s group. Arms mania`s Forte, costume player`s Mint, taciturn Vanilla, showy Ranpha and Milfeulle who likes cooking ... Every time, they cause a big trouble in the mission.
 After the death of his mother at the hands of the evil robot Count Mecha, young Tetsuro has become a delinquent street urchin who dreams only of revenge. Tetsuro lives in a far future world in which humans have the choice to travel to another planet where they can exchange their bodies for immortal, robotic counterparts. His goal is to someday acquire (through theft) enough money to board the Galaxy Express 999, a train which is capable of traveling through space, and which will take him to the planet of robots. One day, after escaping from the police, he meets the beautiful Maetel, who resembles his mother. She offers to take him on the Galaxy Express 999 to get a robotic body and to get revenge on Count Mecha. Along the journey, the two meet many varied people (including Captain Harlock and Queen Emeraldas), and Tetsuro learns what it means to be human.
 Six years have passed since Rion discovered his own identity as an artificial being, yet succeeded in destroying the genocidal Mother Computer, Dorothy, before perishing himself. Now reactivated by Lilia, Rion awakens to find that Dorothy managed to execute one final catastrophic program, rendering a new evil crew to finish her goal of human annihilation. It is a fully 3D CGI animated OVA based on the hit PlayStation game, called Galerians, released in August, 1999.
 The story is about three moons in the form of three of Italian astronomer Galileo’s female descendants who are on international wanted lists.
 Two advanced civilizations, the Paranoids (a race of alien humanoids) and the Solenoids (who are all women) are waging a war that has gone on for centuries. When the Solenoid fleet leaves a battle to defend an experimentally terraformed world from the Paranoids, one damaged Solenoid ship, the Star Leaf, is separated from the fleet.Only seven women remain alive on the ship
 Two advanced civilizations, the Paranoids (a race of alien humanoids) and the Solenoids (who are all women) are waging a war that has gone on for centuries. When the Solenoid fleet leaves a battle to defend an experimentally terraformed world from the Paranoids, one damaged Solenoid ship, the Star Leaf, is separated from the fleet. Only seven women remain alive on the ship
 Lufy, discovered floating lifeless in space, is brought on board a Solnoid cruiser and given another chance at life. Once the hardened warrior, she is shown events that shake her faith (one's own death seems to have a way of changing one's philosophy) and lessening her power as a fighter just as that power is most needed!
 Lufy, discovered floating lifeless in space, is brought on board a Solnoid cruiser and given another chance at life. Once the hardened warrior, she is shown events that shake her faith (one's own death seems to have a way of changing one's philosophy) and lessening her power as a fighter just as that power is most needed!
 The girls are saved ... by none other than Catty Nebulart herself! Now, the race is on as Catty struggles to complete her crowning achievement
 The girls are saved ... by none other than Catty Nebulart herself! Now, the race is on as Catty struggles to complete her crowning achievement
 The year 2085 and the only winners of the last war were the machines. Years previously the human race discovered the ruins of an ancient ship beneath the moon's surface and used the knowledge gained to create weapons of war. Eventually these weapons turned against mankind, seeing them as a threat and deciding the only way to stop these war loving humans was to destroy them. Heavily influenced by the 1988 Terminator movie, this new series focuses upon Sandy Newman as she leads a band of warriors in an attempt to reclaim the earth from the machines. If they can reach a group of unlaunched nuclear missiles, they can take out the machine`s headquarters located in Australia.
 The year is 2291, and the citizens live a peaceful existence after the catastrophic war between the humans and the Yuman. This quiet life is about to be shattered, the leader of the Yuman is not convinced the war is over, and now plans to renew hostilities!
 Fujita Reiji is the owner of an art gallery, Gallery Fake. He deals with fake items, and is also familiar with the black market. However, he has a special talent for art, and used to work for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York as a curator.
 An adventurous wild mouse called Gamba travels with his friends to see the ocean but he finds an injured mouse and hears about the violence of white ferret Noroi. Gamba decides to help the mice suffering under Noroi's tyranny.
 The series will focus on Gamera facing off against five different Kaiju.
 This is a story that revolves around certain students and one hobby. Amano Keita is our lonely protagonist who has a passion for gaming and is friends with Uehara Tasuku, who is secretly a fellow gamer and is someone who believes his life is perfect. We also have Karen Tendou, the club president of the video games club and Chiaki Hoshinomori, who constantly bickers with Keita. This is a story filled with a non-stop sequence of comedy scenes and misunderstandings. Our chaotic romantic comedy now begins!
 This is a story that revolves around certain students and one hobby. Amano Keita is our lonely protagonist who has a passion for gaming and is friends with Uehara Tasuku, who is secretly a fellow gamer and is someone who believes his life is perfect. We also have Karen Tendou, the club president of the video games club and Chiaki Hoshinomori, who constantly bickers with Keita. This is a story filled with a non-stop sequence of comedy scenes and misunderstandings. Our chaotic romantic comedy now begins!
 "In a shared room with my co-worker at the hotel?! Although I was warned not to do anything stupid, my eyes would inadvertently turn to her legs wrapped in pantyhose..."Unbeknownst to him however, Douki-chan secretly has feelings for him. As Douki-chan struggles to confess her feelings, her rivals, both the kouhai and senpai, continue to vie for his affection.Ganbare Douki-chan realistically depicts the texture of clothes, cute expressions, and exciting situations with plenty of temptation, featuring a great deal of satisfying highlights.
 Horiguchi Genki was 5 years old boy. His mother died when he was born, and he was raised only by his father. His father, Shark Horiguchi, was a professional boxer, but he was ruined and become an itinerant boxer. However, Genki believed his father was strong and he would become a champion, and he had a dream to become a strong boxer as his father.After his father’s death, he was adopted by his grandparents. Although they opposed Genki boxing, Genki made up his mind to become a boxer, and he continued training secretly. Meeting with various people, for example, Teacher Ashikiwa who resembles his mother, Mishima who is a high school boxing champion, he made his way to be a boxer.
 The evil overlord Makuamuge is planning to take over both the game and real worlds, and it is up to the ninja Goemon, his friends, girlfriend, and giant robot to defeat Makuamuge's henchmen and save both worlds.
 The evil overlord Makuamuge is planning to take over both the game and real worlds, and it is up to the ninja Goemon, his friends, girlfriend, and giant robot to defeat Makuamuge's henchmen and save both worlds.
 First-year high school student Fujimaki Shun has a dream of becoming an olympic gold medalist as a gymnast. Having no previous training, Shun trusts his passion, boldly joins the gymnastics club, and sets out to pursue his goal.Along the way, he meets his share of entertaining and supportive upper classmen, develops a romantic interest in his classmate, and learns about the happiness involved in devoting yourself to a sport.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 In the city of Ergastulum, a shady ville filled with made men and petty thieves, whores on the make and cops on the take, there are some deeds too dirty for even its jaded inhabitants to touch. Enter the "Handymen," Nic and Worick, who take care of the jobs no one else will handle. Until the day when a cop they know on the force requests their help in taking down a new gang muscling in on the territory of a top Mafia family. It seems like business (and mayhem) as usual, but the Handymen are about to find that this job is a lot more than they bargained for.
 Trying to escape his uneventful life, Albert, the son of a renowned general from Paris, makes a journey with his friend Franz. During his travels, he meets an immensely wealthy nobleman named The Count of Monte Cristo. Living in luxurious hotels, surrounded by beautiful women and strong bodyguards, the charming but enigmatic count fascinates Albert. Albert invites the count to join the high society of Paris. However, unknown to Albert, his father had once framed the count and took the Count’s fiancee as his own.
 Gankutsuou is an anime loosely based on the novel The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas. It tells the story of Albert Morcerf, a young aristocrat who happens to befriend a wealthy nobleman, The Count of Monte Cristo, through a series of bizarre events. Fascinated by the Count's charm, Albert invites him to meet his friends and family, all of whom happen to be part of the upper class society of Paris, France. Unfortunately, little does Albert realize that the Count has ulterior motives in mind.
 A comedy about a former genius who has now become very eccentric and senile. His family deals with all the crazy problems he and his old friends cause around the neighborhood.
 Plot Summary
 Kurono Kei and his ex-elementary school classmate, Kato Masaru have survived the first two ordeals that the unknown black sphere Gantz has sent them through. Exploding body parts, struggling to stay alive till the last seconds and seeing your fellow comrades fall in a pile of blood and gore are norm to them now. They are aware now that Gantz can call them up along with any new deeds, at any time for another confrontation with aliens.Will Kato's experiences in the Gantz world give him the same courage in the real world? With fellow veteran Gantzer Kei Kishimoto currently staying at Kurono's home as his "adopted pet", can Kurono stave off his growing lust for her mammaries?What the heck is Gantz?
 The 3DCG film will cover the manga's Osaka Arc.
 An untidy room. Empty beer tins, empty wine bottles, a half-empty glass of whisky...A girl is getting up absent-mindedly and starts preparing herself. YOUR morning starts. Lazy and hard-to-wake-up YOU. The emoticon is ME watching over YOU. I play tricks on YOU, while YOU are playing the guitar and drinking. One day, in town, YOU walk past THE CHILDHOOD FRIEND who is buying an Anemone I liked, and remembering that I liked them, YOU rush out to buy them. THE CHILDHOOD FRIEND displays the Anemone with care.One day, years after I died, YOU hear noise from the closet. Opened, YOU see MY garden right in front of YOU. Overflowing emotions of ME and YOU. When exiting from the room with memories, a picture of the Anemone that YOU painted is displayed in YOUR new room.
 Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight "GARO," devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country "Vazelia." At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person.
 Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight "GARO," devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country "Vazelia." At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person.
 Second anime adaptation of the Garo series.
 The story of the anime begins when the king's adviser launches a witch hunt, which endangers the Makai Knights and Makai Priests, who are supposed to protect people. A Makai Priest who has been condemned to die at the stake gives birth to a child, Leon Lewis. The child is rescued by his father, a Makai Knight, but never meets his mother. When he grows up he inherits the Gold Armor as a descendant of the Gold Knights. Meanwhile the king's adviser has taken over the country as the king has become ill, and Prince Alfonso has been driven out with his mother. He comes seeking the legendary Gold Knight in hopes of retaking his kingdom.
 Unaired episode included in the eighth Blu-ray and DVD volume.Ema visits Tina's house after a long time. While singing and spinning yarn, Tina and the children spend a peaceful time together. They reminiscence about Tina's foster mother, Natoria, who had the power to spin the yarn which once carried magic power. And now to the spinning wheel she used and left behind approaches an ominous shadow...
 Unaired episode included in the eighth Blu-ray and DVD volume.Ema visits Tina's house after a long time. While singing and spinning yarn, Tina and the children spend a peaceful time together. They reminiscence about Tina's foster mother, Natoria, who had the power to spin the yarn which once carried magic power. And now to the spinning wheel she used and left behind approaches an ominous shadow...
 In Garo
 In a prosperous city named Russell City, an omen that threatens to shake its world begins to move within it. A man named Sword is the first to hear the first stirrings of the plot, and throws himself into a shadow war in order to expose it. His only clue is the key word "El Dorado." He meets Sophie, a woman searching for her missing older brother who has only left her with the same words
 In a prosperous city named Russell City, an omen that threatens to shake its world begins to move within it. A man named Sword is the first to hear the first stirrings of the plot, and throws himself into a shadow war in order to expose it. His only clue is the key word "El Dorado." He meets Sophie, a woman searching for her missing older brother who has only left her with the same words
 The Gowa clan seeks to contact a force known only as Gasaraki. This is set amidst a backdrop of war where bipedal combat machines are being used for the first time. The combination of modern war with traditional Japanese values provides a great setting for the conflicts that arise and attempts to take robot animes in a new direction.
 The flames of war explode in the Middle East as two shadow forces unleash monstrous new weapons of mass destruction! But in a world in which giant robots are real, the most dangerous weapon of all lies buried within a human mind. Yushiro, the fourth son of the mysterious and powerful Gowa family, finds himself at the center of events that will change the future of mankind forever! Nothing can prepare the human race for what is about to be unleashed in Gasaraki!
 The Doron Empire from the Ganymede System discovered Earth as an ideal world for them to conquer. The interest of expanding the empire came as a result of the power-hungry General Ozmel who overthrew the current reigning Queen Medusa of the Ganymede System as a start of their universal conquest.Almost completely succumbed to the empire, Earth is at its last days, and one scientist, Dr. Shikishima, had only one hope in restoring Earth from its alien conquerors--- a massive mecha known as the Mechander Robo, specially programmed and designed to battle these invading aliens from complete takeover of Earth. Along with this awesome fighter machine, Dr. Shikishima also recruited three pilots to be placed behind the Mechander Robo's controls--- the mysterious Jimmy Orion, the scientist's son Ryosuke Shikishima, and Kojiro Hachijima.Although the primary storyline is Earth battling the Doron Empire, there is something within lead pliot Jimmy Orion's past that was somewhat connected towards the entire storyline.

 In the year 2066, the Republic of Hontworl, a charter member of the United Nations, leaves the organization without explaining its motives. This causes an outrage within the U.N. and places the security of the world on edge. Soon after this incident, Myori, the capital of the Republic of Triad, is attacked by a bird-like, flying fortress known as the Turtle King.The International Science Organization, which is headed by Dr. Kouzaburou Nanbu, is tasked to deal with this mysterious enemy. At the same time, the leading scientists of the ISO are disappearing. The five members of the Science Ninja Team, the Gatchaman warriors, are called upon to get to the bottom of things.It's been years since the team has fought Berg Katze and the infamous Galactor organization. Will Ken, also known as the Eagle, still be able to lead his team to victory against this supreme force of evil?
 In the year 2066, the Republic of Hontworl, a charter member of the United Nations, leaves the organization without explaining its motives. This causes an outrage within the U.N. and places the security of the world on edge. Soon after this incident, Myori, the capital of the Republic of Triad, is attacked by a bird-like, flying fortress known as the Turtle King.The International Science Organization, which is headed by Dr. Kouzaburou Nanbu, is tasked to deal with this mysterious enemy. At the same time, the leading scientists of the ISO are disappearing. The five members of the Science Ninja Team, the Gatchaman warriors, are called upon to get to the bottom of things.It's been years since the team has fought Berg Katze and the infamous Galactor organization. Will Ken, also known as the Eagle, still be able to lead his team to victory against this supreme force of evil?
 Continuation of Gatchaman Crowds series.
 One day, a huge UFO spins over Japan and crashes into a rural farmland outside Nagaoka, disrupting Tsubasa Misudachi's ordinary life. As the Gatchaman, the legendary defenders of Tachikawa City, supervise the ordeal, a peaceful alien creature emerges from the spacecraft. In the ensuing chaos, Tsubasa is given a special high-tech notebook, or NOTE, from Gatchaman founder J.J. Robinson, signaling Tsubasa's sudden recruitment into their group. Under the tutelage of fellow hero Hajime Ichinose, Tsubasa slowly begins to adjust to life as a defender of justice. Meanwhile, the CROWDS technology, which enables users to manifest their consciousness' into a physical form, is spreading amongst the public, as well as being endorsed by Prime Minister Sugayama. However, a mysterious organization known as VAPE has gained notoriety by using unique red CROWDS to wreak havoc, shifting public opinion against the CROWDS technology. The Gatchaman, along with new recruit Tsubasa, must put a stop to their destructive activities before it's too late.
 Director's cut of episode 12 included with the BD/DVD box release. Contains about 15 minutes of new content.
 It is Tokyo, 1969. Earth is under the attack of the "Invaders." Fortunately, though, the public is unaware of this. But to the secret orginazation, A.E.G.I.S., the threat is very real, and it is up them to stop this invasion. One day on his route to high school, Ukiya Shun observes a battle between a young girl and a group of Invaders. He ends up helping her and discovers that much like the girl, he possesses the ability to generate a "gate" of special power that only a few other people are gifted with. As a result, Ukiya then joins A.E.G.I.S. in an effort to recruit other Gate Keepers in order to protect the city, all while doing his best not to imitate his late father, whom he dispises.
 Thirty-two years have passed since the initial defeat of the Invaders. A.E.G.I.S is all but dismantled now and has become an underground organization consisting of only a few Gate Keepers left to save humanity. One of the members, Ayane Isuzu, is sick of society as a whole, though she continues to defeat the Invaders out of spite for her father. Suddenly, she learns of the revival of Machine General (Kikai Shogun) and Devil Count (Akuma Hakushaku), but a mysterious ghost girl now accompanies them. It is up to Ayane and the remnants of A.E.G.I.S to stop them and save humanity once again.
 Thirty-two years have passed since the initial defeat of the Invaders. A.E.G.I.S is all but dismantled now and has become an underground organization consisting of only a few Gate Keepers left to save humanity. One of the members, Ayane Isuzu, is sick of society as a whole, though she continues to defeat the Invaders out of spite for her father. Suddenly, she learns of the revival of Machine General (Kikai Shogun) and Devil Count (Akuma Hakushaku), but a mysterious ghost girl now accompanies them. It is up to Ayane and the remnants of A.E.G.I.S to stop them and save humanity once again.
 A teenager from the dongzhou mainland. A red pink skull that lives and dies together. A determined to become the story of the strong. A paragraph makes the legend of 3 bounds greatly
 A gate appears in Tokyo's Ginza district sometime in the 21st century. From the gate pour out monsters, knights from middle-age Europe and other fantasy-like beings, and they kill many citizens of Tokyo. This event is known as the Ginza Incident. The government sends a small group of soldiers from the Japanese Self-Defense Forces to the alternate world beyond the gate. Led by otaku soldier Itami Youji, they find that the villages in the world are being attacked by a dragon. An elf girl who is a survivor from the dragon's rampage joins the group in their travels across the dangerous new world.
 Second season of the Gate anime.
 Second season of the Gate anime.
 Plot Summary
 Atlanger is a plastic model series first released in 1975. The robot has a perennial popularity among middle aged fans.
 Pikupiku, Shirushiru, and Korokoro are three fairies that live on a floating island. Whether they're chatting about the weird things they encounter in their daily lives, goofing off in the enchanted "Room of Light and Magic," or gazing into their looking pool that shows bizarre worlds, the fairies are always having fun in whatever way they can.
 Direct continuation of the previous season. Full CG series about a 3 fairies who ramble over about random subjects in 3 locations.
 In the series, Light and Yomi are spending their daily lives happily playing video games. One night when everyone else is asleep, Light receives an invitation from Alpha, a messenger for someone named King. Light and Yomi are then sucked into another world, where they must undertake a quest to rescue Princess Melody from the demon lord. Light thinks this must be his destiny, while Yomi thinks it's kind of annoying. They form a party with Alpha to start their quest. Alpha as it turns out is an AI robot, and he has a program that allows them to raise their levels while slowly continuing their adventure.
 The story takes place in the future where war machines from evil mechanical alien empire Garufa finally reaches Earth. In order to protect earth, an Earth defense organization called GEAR (Guard Earth and Advanced Reconnaissance) is formed. GEAR has an ultimate weapon in a form of war mecha, GEAR Fighter Dendoh, which is piloted by two elementary school students, namely Kusanagi Hokuto and Izumo Ginga. Can the friendship between Hokuto and Ginga unleashed the full potential power of Dendoh in order to fight Garufa?
 The final chapter of Fireball.
 Final chapter of Disney's Fireball series.
 Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity.
 Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity.
 As civilization advances, people are beginning to lose the consideration and kindliness for Nature. This has incurred the wrath of the ghosts who are becoming increasingly unhappy with the selfishness of the human kind. However, there is a conflict of interests within the ghosts in which one extreme opposes the humans completely while another extreme desires the co-existence of humans and ghosts. Kitaro and his family belongs to the latter category and yearns to seek mutual understanding between the humans and ghosts. Kitaro's fight for love and hope continues.
 Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity. This time, Kitarou's friend Megumi is in need of his help. Her father, a botanist, went to Baruru Island to study the plant life there, and was subsequently kidnapped by evil spirits. It's up to Kitarou to save him.
 The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again. The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji. One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver.
 The stories center on an inhuman boy who straddles the line between the human and supernatural worlds.
 Movie based on the 1996 TV anime with an original plot.
 The origins of Kitarou.
 Movie based on the 2007 TV anime with an or
 Set five years after the mysterious disaster of a city's sudden disappearance, a group of girls fascinated by the "Theatrical Material System" using 3D holograms aims to brighten the stage during the city's post-apocalyptic recovery.
 Ken, Joe, and Akira, three high school students, must combine their three mecha into Gekiganger III to defeat the evil Prince Akara and Emperor Hyperion. The OAV is a compilation of the scenes from Nadesico, a new "movie", and is a parody of many mecha series from the 80s.
 The TV series is retold through the different main characters' points of view with new additional material from their childhood, during the original series, and one year after the conclusion of the series.
 Hiro has two loves
 Takuma Hirose, a blind young male high school student, though the cause for his blindness is undetermined. After his mother died an unexpected death, it left a deep emotional scar on him, which caused him to become very lonely and reserved. Due to this, Takuma move from the city out into a rural area and Takuma is enrolled into a new high school. At his new school, he meets several new girls, though three of whom he gets to know the most out of anyone else.They are, the firm and obstinate Hayami Kohinata, the kind and obliging Hinata Kagura, and the cheerful and mysterious Otoha. As Takuma interacts with these girls, his medical condition gradually begins to heal.
 Jun is a very intelligent little girl who spends her time arranging all kinds of inventions. It goes until creating two small robots, Kichinosuke and Yukinojo, who become her best friends. Because of her intelligence, Jun gets into college at a young age and she meets and falls in love with a boy from her class who's called Zero. Zero is interested in motorbikes and not in school and is accustomed to not attending the courses. He got delayed in his schooling and thus is found much older than the other students and is there for humiliated for it. On the other hand Jun is way too young and little to be in college and is made fun of. Thanks to their common passion for mechanics, Zero will sympathize with Jun and will agree to dine with her in Harbor, the restaurant where Jun's parents live. This is long series of fun adventures and arguments that little Jun will make to allure her charming prince, who's twice older than her.
 Shingo Ichinomiya, a 25-year-old man working at a firm company, while thinking of tomorrow's busy working day, goes to sleep. However, when he woke up, he found himself in a room unknown to him and realized that he is inside a 6-years-old body, taking over his body and mind. He soon learns from the memories of the boy that the boy was born as the youngest child of a poor noble family living in a back country. Having no administrative skill, he can't do anything to manage the vast land his family has. Fortunately, he is blessed with a very rare talent, the talent of magic. Unfortunately, while his talent could bring prosperity to his family, in his situation it only brought disaster. This is the story of the boy, Wendelin Von Benno Baumeister, opening his own path in a harsh world.
 Shingo Ichinomiya, a 25-year-old man working at a firm company, while thinking of tomorrow's busy working day, goes to sleep. However, when he woke up, he found himself in a room unknown to him and realized that he is inside a 6-years-old body, taking over his body and mind. He soon learns from the memories of the boy that the boy was born as the youngest child of a poor noble family living in a back country. Having no administrative skill, he can't do anything to manage the vast land his family has. Fortunately, he is blessed with a very rare talent, the talent of magic. Unfortunately, while his talent could bring prosperity to his family, in his situation it only brought disaster. This is the story of the boy, Wendelin Von Benno Baumeister, opening his own path in a harsh world.
 In the game, the player takes the role of an unnamed former little senior league baseball ace who lost his or her baseball career after suffering an unspecified injury. The character moves to his or her grandmother's hometown and enrolls in the local high school, resolved never to enter the world of baseball again. When the character meets Tsubasa Arihara, he or she is persuaded to be the manager of the school's baseball team, and to take the team to the high school nationals at Koshien.
 Back from his journey across Japan, Yuuta Takemoto reminisces about his college life so far. He has matured significantly since his second year and is motivated to move forward.Feeling more confident than ever before, he finally confesses to Hagumi Hanamoto, the girl he has been in love with since their first encounter. However, Hagumi has been confused by her attempts to understand the mysterious Shinobu Morita. Hiding behind a playful demeanor, Morita may be the most burdened by his own potential. Meanwhile, Takumi Mayama has become a full-fledged working adult and has landed Ayumi Yamada several pottery orders through his company in an act of friendship.The five youths continue to face individual hardships in academics, work, love, and friendship as they push each other toward the paths that they are destined to walk.
 DeNA revealed during a stage event at the "Machi Asobi 14" event in Tokushima on Sunday that its Hacka Doll news app is inspiring a television anime series. Hacka Doll The Animation, which will be a series of anime shorts, will air on the Tokyo MX TV and BS 11 television channels' "Ultra Super Anime Time" programming block starting in October 2015.
 It's the summer of 1945. 3 years have elapsed since the war between Japan and USA began. Gen is a young boy living a struggling yet satisfying life in the city of Hiroshima, that has been strangely spared by the bombing taken in almost every other Japanese City. Food is scarce, and Gen's family is suffering from severe malnutrition, which endangers his pregnant mother. There isn't much spare time as Gen and his little brother Shinji help their father and mother at work and try to make sure their family survives the tough times. Little do they know, what the Americans have in store for the city of Hiroshima and as of the 6th of August 1945, their lives are about to change dramatically.
 It's the summer of 1945. 3 years have elapsed since the war between Japan and USA began. Gen is a young boy living a struggling yet satisfying life in the city of Hiroshima, that has been strangely spared by the bombing taken in almost every other Japanese City. Food is scarce, and Gen's family is suffering from severe malnutrition, which endangers his pregnant mother. There isn't much spare time as Gen and his little brother Shinji help their father and mother at work and try to make sure their family survives the tough times. Little do they know, what the Americans have in store for the city of Hiroshima and as of the 6th of August 1945, their lives are about to change dramatically.
 Three years have passed since the bombing of Hiroshima and Gen is now a fourth-grader. Hiroshima is still a ruin, and Gen must scrounge for scrap metal to help keep himself and his remaining family fed, but at least commerce has returned to the land. As his mother gradually grows ill from radiation sickness, Gen and Ryuta befriend a group of orphans led by a tough-nosed older child and including a girl who still bears ugly burn scars from the day of the bomb. An old man suffering from depression is also drawn into the group as they come together to support each other and form a makeshift family. Reality is still harsh, however, as many orphans still die lonely deaths and the grim reminders of what happened linger everywhere.
 A group of young girls make a living by running an armored vehicle customization workshop in a desert town. They discuss different ways of promoting their business every day.
 In normal RPGs, a hero defeats the Satan king and the story ends. But what does the hero do after that? Ohtorizawa Akatsuki defeats the Satan king in the fantasy world of Alleyzard and returns to the real world. He is sheltered by the international organization BABEL, which protects and controls people transferred from the outer worlds. BABEL is astonished to know Akatsuki has really defeated Satan and brings Satan’s daughter Miu from Alleyzard. In the academy of BABEL, Akatsuki confronts other “returners”, who have psychic powers.
 In normal RPGs, a hero defeats the Satan king and the story ends. But what does the hero do after that? Ohtorizawa Akatsuki defeats the Satan king in the fantasy world of Alleyzard and returns to the real world. He is sheltered by the international organization BABEL, which protects and controls people transferred from the outer worlds. BABEL is astonished to know Akatsuki has really defeated Satan and brings Satan’s daughter Miu from Alleyzard. In the academy of BABEL, Akatsuki confronts other “returners”, who have psychic powers.
 Set at the end of the Edo (Tokugawa Shoganate) era, the series depicts Cloud's family with his wife, Turtle, their 11-year-old son and 8-year-old daughter. The Clouds are always ignoring work and playing. Cloud is notorious for womanising.(Source
 Why are we here? Why are we doing this?Before Haruhiro had realized what happened, he was surrounded by darkness. Why was he here? Where was here? Even now, he still didn't know. Those around him were the same as him, no one remembered anything other than their own names. And when they emerged from the darkness, the world that awaited them seemed like something out of a video game.In order to survive, Haruhiro forms a party with the others, learns fighting skills, and as a soldier in the reserve force, takes his first steps into the world of Grimgar. What awaits him there, he doesn't know...This the story of an adventure born from the ashes.

 All Rakka remembers before emerging from her cocoon is the sensation of falling. Confused, she is welcomed into this new world as one of the Haibane, a group of youth with small gray wings and bright halos. Together, they live in the Old Home on the outskirts of Grie, a quiet town where wingless, halo-less people live.There are many rules governing the world of Haibane Renmei
 With Japan having developed as a maritime nation, it becomes necessary to have specialized schools to teach skills essential to protect the sea. The setting is one such all-girls school. The girls who enroll here study to become blue mermaids through classroom instruction and learning practical skills. They live by the motto
 OVA of Haifuri
 Set in the 1920s, Haikara-san ga Tooru is the story of the high-spirited tomboy Benio and her relationship with a handsome half-German soldier named Shinobu. Benio is a very outgoing and athletic girl with firm ideas about being able to live her life as she wants to. When she first meets Shinobu, she dislikes him intensely, even though he manages to help her out of a series of embarrassing mishaps. She is therefore surprised when she finds out that she has been forced into an arranged marriage and that her husband-to-be is none other than Shinobu! The story then has many twists and turns, as Shinobu has to fight in the war, Benio has to wrangle with the idea of getting married, and getting along with her future in-laws and employer. Meanwhile, the great Kanto earthquake looms in the future...
 The story follows Benio "Haikara-san" Hanamura, who lost her mother when she was very young and has been raised by her father, a high-ranking official in the Japanese army. As a result, she has grown into a tomboy. Contrary to traditional Japanese notions of femininity, she studies kendo, drinks sake, dresses in often outlandish-looking Western fashions instead of the traditional kimono, and is not as interested in housework as she is in literature. She also rejects the idea of arranged marriages and believes in a woman's right to a career and to marry for love.
 A chance event triggered Shouyou Hinata's love for volleyball. His club had no members, but somehow persevered and finally made it into its very first and final regular match of middle school, where it was steamrolled by Tobio Kageyama, a superstar player known as "King of the Court." Vowing revenge, Hinata applied to the Karasuno High School volleyball club... only to come face-to-face with his hated rival, Kageyama!
 First Haikyuu!! recap movie.
 Second Haikyuu!! recap movie.
 Recap film that will cover the match against Aobajosai High School that took place in the second season.
 Recap film that will cover the match against Shiratorizawa Academy that took place in the third season.
 Bundled with manga's 15th volume.
 Second season of Haikyuu.
 n Haikyuu!!
 fter their triumphant victory over Shiratorizawa Academy, the Karasuno High School volleyball team has earned their long-awaited ticket to nationals. As preparations begin, genius setter Tobio Kageyama is invited to the All-Japan Youth Training Camp to play alongside fellow nationally recognized players. Meanwhile, Kei Tsukishima is invited to a special rookie training camp for first-years within the Miyagi Prefecture. Not receiving any invitations himself, the enthusiastic Shouyou Hinata feels left behind.However, Hinata does not back down. Transforming his frustration into self-motivation, he boldly decides to sneak himself into the same rookie training camp as Tsukishima. Even though Hinata only lands himself a job as the ball boy, he comes to see this as a golden opportunity. He begins to not only reflect on his skills as a volleyball player but also analyze the plethora of information available on the court and how he can apply it.As the much-anticipated national tournament approaches, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team attempt to overcome their weak points and refine their skills, all while aiming for the top!
 Once called a fallen powerhouse and known as "Flightless Crows," Karasuno High School has finally taken flight at nationals. With a comprehensive performance against Tsubakihara Academy in their first match, the team is now facing its toughest opponent yet
 The third season of Haikyuu!!
 After the victory against Aoba Jousai High, Karasuno High School, once called “a fallen powerhouse, a crow that can’t fly,” has finally reached the climax of the heated Spring tournament. Now, to advance to nationals, the Karasuno team has to defeat the powerhouse Shiratorizawa Academy. Karasuno’s greatest hurdle is their adversary’s ace, Wakatoshi Ushijima, the number one player in the Miyagi Prefecture, and one of the country’s top three aces.Only the strongest team will make it to the national tournament. Since this match is the third-year players’ last chance to qualify for nationals, Karasuno has to use everything they learned during the training camp and prior matches to attain victory. Filled with restlessness and excitement, both teams are determined to come out on top in the third season of Haikyuu!!.
 The two-episode anime, adapting chapters from volumes 22 and 23, will first debut at the Jump Festa 2020 event, which runs on December 21 and 22. TOHO animation will ship the original video anime on Blu-ray and DVD on January 22, 2020.
 An intense battle rages on at the Tokyo Qualifiers for the three remaining spots in the national volleyball competition. Nekoma High School, Fukurodani High School, Nohebi Academy, and Itachiyama Academy all passionately strive to participate in the tournament. Despite various issues on the court, Nekoma especially wishes to prove they are worthy of moving on to the national level.As the teams aim to secure their place by overcoming both their opponents and their own weaknesses, the Tokyo Qualifiers determine which teams will reign victorious and join the national competition.
 The fourth season of Haikyuu!!
 Second half of Haikyuu!!
 The story of Haitai Nanafa revolves around an energetic middle school girl named Nanafa Kyan. Nanafa lives in Okinawa with her grandmother who runs the “Kame Soba” soba shop, her beautiful older sister Nao who is in high school, and her younger sister Kokona, who is in elementary school and has a strong ability to sense the supernatural. One day, Nanafa witnesses a seal fall off of a Chinese banyan tree, and three spirits who live in that tree are unleashed.These spirits include Niina and Raana, who are “jimunaa” spirits. The third spirit is Iina, who is an incarnation of an Okinawan lion statue. As spirits start appearing one after another, the peaceful life of Nanafa and her family begins to change.
 A new OVA of the light novel Haiyore! Nyaruko-san, titled Haiyore! Nyaruko-san F, has been green-lit.
 Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W.
 Adaptation of the short story written by Manta Aisora for the first issue of GA Bunko magazine.
 Animated Flash shorts based on the light novel series "Haiyore! Nyaruko-san." In these shorts, Nyarlko, an anthropomorphized female version of Nyarlathotep from the Cthulhu Mythos, is constantly being told off by Mahiro, a normal human boy, for all the crazy or stupid things she does.In one of the shorts, Nyarlko is drawing a cover design for a body pillow. It turns out that the pillow's subject is a half-dressed Mahiro in what appears to be a hot and heavy scene with Nyarlko. Naturally, Mahiro proceeds to stab Nyarlko in the hand with a fork and threatens to kill her if she releases the pillow design.Other shorts revolve around various gags and occasionally feature Cthuko, an anthropomorphized female version of Cthugha, who's madly in love with Nyarlko.EditBackground
 The story centers around Nyarlko, a formless Cthulhu deity who can take on the shape of anyone it wishes, but particularly the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school student who is chased by aliens one night, until "Nyarlko" saves him.
 The story of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san centers around Nyaruko, a formless Cthulhu deity of chaos (Nyarlathotep) who can take on the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school boy who is chased by aliens one night, until Nyaruko saves him.
 The story of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san centers around Nyaruko, a formless Cthulhu deity of chaos (Nyarlathotep) who can take on the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school boy who is chased by aliens one night, until Nyaruko saves him.
 The story of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san centers around Nyaruko, a formless Cthulhu deity of chaos (Nyarlathotep) who can take on the shape of a seemingly ordinary silver-haired girl. Mahiro Yasaka is a normal high school boy who is chased by aliens one night, until Nyaruko saves him.
 Ippo, a timid highschooler, is one day saved from being beaten up by Takamura, a boxer. Enthralled by Takamura’s skills Ippo begins to learn boxing, soon finding love for the sport and a drive to challenge the boxing world.
 Makunouchi Ippo has been bullied his entire life. Constantly running errands and being beaten up by his classmates, Ippo has always dreamed of changing himself, but never has the passion to act upon it. One day, in the midst of yet another bullying, Ippo is saved by Takamura Mamoru, who happens to be a boxer. Ippo faints from his injuries and is brought to the Kamogawa boxing gym to recover. As he regains consciousness, he is awed and amazed at his new surroundings in the gym, though lacks confidence to attempt anything. Takamura places a photo of Ippo's classmate on a punching bag and forces him to punch it. It is only then that Ippo feels something stir inside him and eventually asks Takamura to train him in boxing. Thinking that Ippo does not have what it takes, Takamura gives him a task deemed impossible and gives him a one week time limit. With a sudden desire to get stronger, for himself and his hard working mother, Ippo trains relentlessly to accomplish the task within the time limit. Thus Ippo's journey to the top of the boxing world begins.
 Ippo continues to defend his Japanese Featherweight title from an ever stronger pool of challengers. Meanwhile, Takamura challenges for his second WBC title in the middleweight class, and Aoki challenges for the Japanese Lightweight title.
 Ippo, a timid highschooler, is one day saved from being beaten up by Takamura, a boxer. Enthralled by Takamura’s skills Ippo begins to learn boxing, soon finding love for the sport and a drive to challenge the boxing world.
 A special episode included in the DVDs. It tells how Takamura started boxing.
 After intense battles, defeating Sendo, Makunouchi Ippo finally grasped the place as the Japanese Feather-Weight Champion. And so, Ippo changes from a "Challenger" to a "Champion", and the opponent of his first defence match is decided. The name of the challenger was Sanada Ikki. A fierce opponent who, aiming for a Dual Class Conquest, returned the title of Junior- Feather Class.Sanada has a different face as a Current Medical University Student, which enables the intimate understanding of the human body, of where a punch should land to deprive stamina and to down the opponent with consistent damage. Furthermore, he coolly analyses his condition from a medical perspective, based on his amount of perspiration, breathing rate and heart rate, and is thus a boxer with one of the most intelligent tactics. On the other hand, Ippo, in front of his first defence match, not only is nervous but suffers progressively from fear and anxiety as he hears more about his opponent. Furthermore, Sanada Ikki's trainer was Hama Dankichi, the rival of Chairman Kamogawa when he was still active in the ring. Dankichi's special move in the days when he still fought, "Hien" ("Flying Swallow"), has been passed down to Ikki.Encouraged by the predecessors of the gym Ippo belongs to, Takamura and Kimura, his past opponent and his mother, watched upon by Kumi who he secretly has feelings towards, the date of the first defence match draws closer. Ippo versus Sanada, and the settling of the scores of the coaches, Chairman Kamogawa and Hama Dankichi, each of their thoughts crosses over, and now, the day of the decisive match arrives!Can Ippo dodge the "Hien" and find victory?
 Tatsuya Kimura is beginning to feel left behind. With his friends Ippo Makunouchi and Mamoru Takamura holding the championship belt in their respective weight classes, Kimura's inability to become Japan's Junior Lightweight boxing champion eats away at him. Scheduled to fight with the current champion Ryo Mashiba, Kimura begins to train with Ippo's rival Ichirou Miyata, who previously suffered a crushing defeat from Mashiba's signature "Hitman" style of boxing.But Mashiba has his own desire to hold onto the belt, hoping to soon shoot for the World title and secure financial stability for his sister Kumi. Will Kimura's overwhelming drive to prove his strength as a boxer overcome Mashiba's desperate wish to provide a better life for Kumi?
 Classical Folktales released on Japanese and English to teach Japanese children English.
 Spring. The "season of love" has arrived and it seems that finding himself a girlfriend was harder than Junichi believed. To break the status quo, Junichi's friends have forced him into confessing to the gal, Yame Yukana. However, things do not go quite as he expected. A series of "firsts" begins!
 Spring. The "season of love" has arrived and it seems that finding himself a girlfriend was harder than Junichi believed. To break the status quo, Junichi's friends have forced him into confessing to the gal, Yame Yukana. However, things do not go quite as he expected. A series of "firsts" begins!
 Bundled with the limited edition 5th volume of the Hajimete no Gal manga.
 Bundled with the limited edition 5th volume of the Hajimete no Gal manga.
 Kitarou is a youkai boy born in a cemetery, and aside from his mostly-decayed father, the last living member of the Ghost tribe. He is missing his left eye, but his hair usually covers the empty socket. He fights for peace between humans and youkai, which generally involves protecting the former from the wiles of the latter.
 Sadamitsu, a high-school delinguents turned to a masked-hero, while not dealing with his rocky relationship with the strong female protagonist, he puts on a motorcycle-helmet-like mask and becomes a semi-robotic superhero who fights. He is assisted by other possibly- mechanical creatures in order to save the earth from the invasion of 20,000,000 escaped alien convicts.
 A daily eating life happening at a street that seems like Hakata but not Hakata!? Fairy of Mentaiko "Pirikarako-chan" goes around the street to solve (?)!
 In a city known as Fukuoka, crime exists in the underworld from a seemingly peaceful surface. In the Hakata ward of the city, there are various individuals with special talent that consists of professional killers, detectives, informants, and professional revenge seekers. Furthermore, according to an urban legend, an individual known as "killer of professional killers" has shown up in the city.
 In a city known as Fukuoka, crime exists in the underworld from a seemingly peaceful surface. In the Hakata ward of the city, there are various individuals with special talent that consists of professional killers, detectives, informants, and professional revenge seekers. Furthermore, according to an urban legend, an individual known as "killer of professional killers" has shown up in the city.
 Five years ago, almost every villager of Ootsuka died due to a tragic plague. But mysteriously enough, three survivors
 Second season of Hakkenden
 Five years ago, almost every villager of Ootsuka died due to a tragic plague. But mysteriously enough, three survivors
 Hakubo follows youths living in "the now and present" in Iwaki, Fukushima Prefecture after the Tohoku earthquake and tsunami of March 11, 2011.
 A courageous young man tries to find the only person who can save his planet from the most terrifying beast in the universe -- the great white whale Moby Dick -- in this futuristic anime adventure set in 4699. But locating the outlaw Captain Ahab and his elusory crew of whale hunters and persuading them to put an end to the leviathan's long reign of terror won't be easy. Will Ahab take up the challenge one more time?
 As a young boy, Xu-Xian lives a happy life with his two pandas. They share many adventures and one day he meets a young girl and falls madly in love with her.But the girl is actually a young snake goddess named Bai-Niang!The local Monk believes her to be a youkai, and banishes Xu-Xian from the village in order to save him from this threat.The pandas 'Panda' and 'Mimi', together with the snake princess and another youkai, set out to save him and bring him back.In the process panda happens to become leader of a criminal gang, A pig sings the blues and the snake travels to the fire-planet.First Japanese animated feature film in color. Based on a chinese legend. Only two voice actors were used, providing the voices for all the different parts.In 1961 Hakujaden was the first Japanese animation shown to American audiences when Globe Pictures released it as Panda and the Magic Serpent.
 As a young boy, Xu-Xian is forced to free his pet, a small snake. Unbeknownst to him, the snake is actually a young snake goddess named Bai-Niang and she is in love with him. Many years later, when they are both adults, the princess is magically transformed into a human and sets out to find her love. But the local wizard believes her to be a vampire, and banishes Xu-Xian from the village in order to save him. Xu-Xian's pet pandas Panda and Mimi set out to save him and bring him, in the process becoming leaders of an animal gang.
 Nine centimeters (3.5 inches) tall, the tiny girls Hakumei and Mikochi live in the forest. Living in a tiny house in a tree, riding insects and birds, and making umbrellas out of leaves, these tiny girls live a tiny life. Follow their tiny but lovely lives as they live their day to day in a fantastic world of tiny people and gods.
 Nine centimeters (3.5 inches) tall, tiny girls Hakumei and Mikochi live in the forest. Living in a tiny house in a tree, riding insects and birds, and making umbrellas out of leaves, these tiny girls live a tiny life. Follow their tiny but lovely lives as they live their day-to-day in a fantastic world of tiny people and gods.
 Special episode included in the second Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 The protagonist, Yukimura Chizuru is the daughter of a doctor who works in Edo. The father leaves Edo to work as a volunteer doctor and moves to Kyoto without his daughter. As time passes by, Chizuru starts worrying about losing contact with her father, so she decides to go to Kyoto in search of him. On the way, Chizuru is attacked by few criminals and witnesses a fight between an oni and the Shinsengumi.Taking her into custody and saving her, the Shinsengumi debate on what to do with Chizuru when they discover that she is the daughter of the doctor they are also looking for. So they decide to become Chizuru’s protectors and help her look for her father. Lots of events happen while she stays with the Shingensumi, as they discover mysterious secrets and also fight against the Bakumatsu group.
 The continuation of Hakuoki. The Edo Era has ended after 260 years of history and the Meiji Era begins. However, bitter strife still continues between the soldiers of the new government and former Tokugawa retainers. This is the stage in which the surviving members of the Shinsengumi find themselves upon their return to Edo following their defeat at Tobafushimi.
 First part of two Hakuouki movies.
 Chizuru Yukimura has come to Kyoto looking for her father, a doctor who has gone missing. While there, she witnesses a fight between an Oni and the Shinsengumi. Taking her into custody, the Shinsengumi debates on what to do with Chizuru, when they discover that she is the daughter of the doctor for whom they are also looking. The Shinsengumi then take Chizuru along on their search after the missing doctor, from adventure to adventure.
 Second part of two Hakuouki movies.
 New Hakuoki OVA.
 The third season of Hakuouki continues this TV anime based on a series of bishounen games released by Idea Factory for the PlayStation 2 and PSP. This new anime tells the story of the dawning of the shinsengumi.
 The year is 1863 and as Japan's long festering wounds of political discord erupt into violent waves of street clashes and murder, the Tokugawa Shogunate sends a new force of masterless samurai called the Roshigumi to the aid of the Aizu forces in Kyoto. However the new "police" are anything but a cohesive force and assassination has already split them into two opposing factions. The stronger is led by the brutal Serizawa Kamo and the lesser by the more honorable but less assertive Isami Kondo. It is into this pack of wolves that Ryunosuke Ibuki is dragged by the rabid Serizawa. Forced to be a virtual slave by blood debt, he hates the samurai and everything they stand for. But as he sees how the other half of the samurai live, he begins to believe that there may still be a chance, for both himself and Japan, if only Kondo will step up and take down the mad dog Serizawa!
 The protagonist, Yukimura Chizuru is the daughter of a doctor who works in Edo. The father leaves Edo to work as a volunteer doctor and moves to Kyoto without his daughter. As time passes by, Chizuru starts worrying about losing contact with her father, so she decides to go to Kyoto in search of him. On the way, Chizuru is attacked by few criminals and witnesses a fight between an oni and the Shinsengumi.Taking her into custody and saving her, the Shinsengumi debate on what to do with Chizuru when they discover that she is the daughter of the doctor they are also looking for. So they decide to become Chizuru’s protectors and help her look for her father. Lots of events happen while she stays with the Shingensumi, as they discover mysterious secrets and also fight against the Bakumatsu group.
 This OVA takes place in between episodes 8 and 9 of the first season of Hakuouki.Yukimura Chizuru goes on a reconnaissance mission in Shimabara as a geiko for the Shinsengumi. Each episode unfolds the events of the days leading up to, during, and after the operation. It intermittently reveals each captain's involvement as well as that of a few demons in the affair. Each individual episode primarily focuses from the third person perspectives of
 First part of two Hakuouki movies.
 Features the characters from the games in chibi form with a completely new story with the theme
 The story is set in 19th century England and centers on a “fairy doctor” named Lydia. Her life takes a 180-degrees turn when she meets a legendary blue knight count named Edgar and his crew. He hires her as an adviser during his quest to obtain a treasured sword that was supposed to be handed down to him by his family.
 Chibi-Earl and Chibi-Fairy. Every special focuses on another character, who will in their turn recite a poem by Shakespeare, that they feel describes their lives the best.
 One day Kan-chan finds a magic bottle in the attic. Whenever someone sneezes, a genie named Hakushon Daimaou is brought out and must grant any wish of whoever sneezed until he or she sneezes again. Sometimes, however, he accidentally fails and only causes trouble instead of granting any wishes.
 50 years have passed since the events of the original Hakushon Daimaou series. Akubi is training to become queen when she meets Kantarou Yodama, the grandson of the genie bottle's original owner, Kan-chan. Together, Akubi and Kantarou take on many jobs in the human world and learn the importance of having a dream.
 When his clan is wiped out by a beautiful demon, young Taikobo finds himself in charge of the mysterious Houshin Project. Its mission
 When his clan is wiped out by a beautiful demon, young Taikobo finds himself in charge of the mysterious Houshin Project. Its mission
 The near-future romance follows a girl named Kurumi who lost Hal, a boy she liked, in an accident. A robot Robo Hal turns into her substitute for Hal.
 Kurumi is a beautiful young woman whose beloved boyfriend, Hal, died in a sudden airplane accident. Left heartbroken and gloomy, she isolates herself in a small house. But this soon comes to change when her grandfather requests the help of a humanoid robot named Q01.Taking on the appearance of Hal, Q01 is sent to Kurumi's house in order to save her from her state of despair. As Hal returns day after day and increases his efforts, Kurumi, despite her initial reluctance, slowly begins to open up to him and break free from her depression. But there is more to Hal than meets the eye, and these two will soon learn an unexpected truth about this relationship between a human and an android.
 Halo Legends features seven different stories set in the Halo universe, each made by a different studio.The Babysitter follows the Helljumpers, Orbital Drop Shock Troopers who are sent behind enemy lines to perform an assassination.The Duel features the tale of an ancient Arbiter who refused to bow down to the Covenant religion. Branded a heretic, he must now face the consequences of his actions.The Package depicts a group of Spartans, including the Master Chief, who are deployed to infiltrate a Covenant flagship and retrieve a “package” in a secret operation.Origins shows Master Chief and Cortana stranded following the events of Halo 3, with Cortana summarizing the fall of the Forerunners, the defeat of the Flood, and the rise of humanity as well as the events of the Human-Covenant War.Homecoming centers on the Spartan Daisy, who reminisces on her past, and the SPARTAN-II project while evacuating UNSC soldiers pinned down by Covenant forces.Prototype is viewed from the perspective of Marine Sergeant Ghost, who is determined to fight for all he is worth in order to make up for past grievances.Odd One Out is a non-canon parody of Halo featuring Spartan 1337, who suffers from extremely bad luck.
 This visual production is a project of Hachinohe Portal Museum “hacchi”, a cultural facility located in Hachinohe, Aomori Prefecture. The animation, set in the coastal area of Hachinohe depicting the landscape and life in Hachinohe, from the eyes of a girl called Hamaneko who came from the planet Nekoryoshka, and Kabu a black tail gull; employing animations created from textiles. Food menu that appears in the story are original productions of [Bistrot Pot d’Etain] chef , Yuki Miura, of Hachinohe.
 "Minimum" - a special inborn power found in a limited number of human beings, known as "minimum holders." In Yokohama, the detective team Hamatora, formed by two minimum holders named Nice and Murasaki, comes across information connected to a serial killer being pursued by their old friend Art. It turns out all the victims are minimum holders like them. Unwillingly at first, the two detectives become involved in the investigation.
 The ability to create miracles is not just a supernatural phenomenon; it is a gift which manifests in a limited number of human beings. "Minimum," or small miracles, are special powers that only selected people called "Minimum Holders" possess. The detective agency Yokohama Troubleshooting, or Hamatora for short, is composed of the "Minimum Holder PI Duo," Nice and Murasaki. Their office is a lone table at Cafe Nowhere, where the pair and their coworkers await new clients.Suddenly, the jobs that they begin to receive seem to have strange connections to the serial killer whom their friend Art, a police officer, is searching for. The murder victims share a single similarity
 While on their quest to stop the Demon King, the violinist Hamel, the pianist Raiel, the magess Flute and the female warrior Sizer stop in a small kingdom and destroy a rampaging monster. While giving the four a heroes' welcome, the king and queen explain that their daughter has been kidnapped by a monster living in a nearby castle. They agree to go and rescue the hostage princess and defeat the monster. However, the enemy's castle is heavily guarded...
 For ages, humanity flourished through the power of magic, a gift from witches to aid mankind. But times have changed. The scientific Gear Expansion has made both magic and witches obsolete. In order to liberate humanity from the blight of magic, the mighty Redia Empire began a ruthless hunt to exterminate all witches. Adonis was only a boy when the hunt began, apprentice to a witch he dearly loved. When she perishes at the hands of the empire, Adonis vows revenge. By this furious wizard’s power, blood will flow!
 It's Laura's birthday, and Laura isn't paying much attention to him. Hamtaro then went with the ham-hams to ham ham land. Hamtaro is searching for the magic sunflower seed, but, he will have to battle Maou-hamu for it.
 Lately, Hamtaro has been having a strange dream. In the dream, a beautiful princess hamster tearfully asks for help. Hamtaro can’t forget about her, even when he’s awake. One winter day, Laura talks to Hamtaro. She tells him that everyone in the family is going home to her father’s hometown. When Hamtaro tells his friends about it, Maxwell pulls out a Ham-Ham source book. It’s a book on old hamster history.   According to the book, there is a “homeland” for hamsters called “Hamja Kingdom”. When the Ham-Hams build a sand castle and recite a spell exactly the way it is written in the book, they are whooshed to the Kingdom. When at last the hamsters reach the bustling Hamja Kingdom of hamsters, the popular King Hamja, the Mini-Hams that they’ve met before in Ham-Ham Land, and many jar spirits called the Mo-Hams appear. A parade begins merrily with singing and dancing! But, the bad magic cat “Sabakunya” appears suddenly, riding the giant sheep monster “Mee Mee”, and starts to trample the town. What a disaster!   The Ham-Hams flee underground. The Ham-Hams are told of the state of the Kingdom and find that Sabakunya has snatched the King’s daughter, Princess Shera, and is pressing her into marriage on the Kingdom’s Founding Day. Sabakunya is trying to take over the country. Something clicks in Hamtaro’s mind. Princess Shera is without a doubt the princess who appeared in his dreams! Hamtaro wants very much to run to the castle where Sabakunya is, and so he and the Ham-Hams enter the castle. In the castle, they encounter danger after danger, and Hamtaro, pursued by Sabakunya’s henchmen, is separated from others.
 In Aurora Village in the high frozen peaks of the mountians, it's getting warmer, and the snow is melting. The Ham-Hams that live their believe that Bijou is their Snow White Princess who can pray for the snow to come back. They send Crystal the snow fairy hamster to summon Bijou to their land.  Crystal arrives and takes Bijou back, the ham-hams quickly tag along. Meanwhile, pirate hamsters are sailing above the village in their flying pirate ship. The captain of the ship, Hamstern sees Bijou captures her soon after, because he doesn't want her to pray for the snow. While Bijou is held against her will, she is very calm and nice to them even makes some yummy food for them. Hamtaro and the ham-hams come aboard on the ship, Hamtaro learns what Hamstern did to Bijou. He gets really angry, and will do anything to bring her back home.  Now Hamstern and Hamtaro must compete eachother in the Grand Prix. Where they race in all sorts of ways. Such as racing car. If Hamstern wins, he gets to take Bijou back in his ship. If Hamtaro wins, Bijou can pray for the snow and go back to her friends.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season Han Hua Ri Ji.
 In this flower of the bird group action film, according to the high mouth pure title for the comic book "Flower of the bird group" adaptation, and violent flooding of the 199X Shinjuku Kabukicho, there is a girl like the wind, her name Called birds. With the streets of rogue and bad police officers filled the city together, but in front of her is the Hibari Corps.
 Second OVA of "Hana no Asukagumi!".
 The King of the Flower Planet is dying, but his heir can't take up the throne until the legendary Seven Color Flower, symbol of the King's power, is found. The Angels, Cateau and Noveau are sent to Earth to find the Flower Girl, a young female who descends from both humans and Flower Angels (who once inhabited Earth a long time ago) - and they find Lunlun in France. They convince her to go in a long journey to find the Flower - she'll know the good and bad sides of humans and Flower Angels (incarnated in the ambitious Togenishia and her sidekick Boris), and will fall in love with Serge Flora, a man who holds a great secret.
 The King of the Flower Planet is dying, but his heir can't take up the throne until the legendary Seven Color Flower, symbol of the King's power, is found. The Angels, Cateau and Noveau are sent to Earth to find the Flower Girl, a young female who descends from both humans and Flower Angels (who once inhabited Earth a long time ago) - and they find Lunlun in France. They convince her to go in a long journey to find the Flower - she'll know the good and bad sides of humans and Flower Angels (incarnated in the ambitious Togenishia and her sidekick Boris), and will fall in love with Serge Flora, a man who holds a great secret.
 Lunlun goes to Japan to visit her friend Midori and the cherry blossoms. There, she sees the some pollution and runs into Togenishia and Yabouki trying to shed all the trees of their pretty petals. The film pleads Japanese citizens to pollute less and that cherry blossoms are the pride of the country.
 Mary Bell, a magical girl who looks like a girl around five years old, comes to the human world from a magical world called "Flower Magic World", and helps and encourages people.
 Based on the Ninja Awate-maru comedy manga by Jirou Tsunoda.
 Zundamaru is back... For now! Even without missions, we elite ninjas face grave dangers every day!
 Prequel to 2004 coming-of-age live-action film Hana & Alice.
 Normal appearance, normal intelligence, normal in arts and sports... just normal. This is the entirely normal 14-year-old, Naru Sekiya. While she admires "Heroines" she continues to live a normal life until one moonlit night she meets a fairy. This foreign girl then guides her into the extraordinary world of the yosakoi dance.
 Makino Tsukushi
 Makino Tsukushi, a girl who comes from a poor family, just wants to get through her two last years at Eitoku Gakuen quietly. But once she makes herself known by standing up for her friend to the F4, the four most popular, powerful, and rich boys at the school, she gets the red card

 Three thousand years ago, Bai Qiuran was accepted as a disciple by the Qingming Taoist, After three thousand years, his teacher become immortal, the elder fails to cross the bullet, even the youngest sister builds base successfully, But Bai Qiuran experienced three thousand years of penance still just stay in the refining period, actually, his refining period has reached a great level, no matter the opponent is a fairy god or devil, he can easily win. Through his tireless efforts, he finally broke through!
 Three thousand years ago, Bai Qiuran was accepted as a disciple by the QingMing Taoist, After three thousand years, his teacher become immortal, the elder fails to cross the bullet, even the youngest sister builds base successfully,. But Bai Qiuran experienced three thousand years of penance still just stay in refining period, actually his refining period has reached a great level, no matter the opponent is fairy god or devil , he can easily win. Through his tireless efforts, he finally broke through!



 What should you do if transmigrated to a fantasy world and has become a son called the Great traitor of the human race! Don’t worry, looking at his infinite epiphany system, all Bai Mo needs to do is to make others jealous of him! No matter what kind of exercises and cheats, as long as someone is jealous of him, Bai Mo can start an epiphany and let himself practice it to perfection in an instant! So Bai Mo raised a lot of big villains around him, and occasionally molested then. He liked to watch his enemies jealous and resentful of him, but he couldn’t do it himself!

 With the help of nobles, Bai Wu took the key step of destroying the counterfeiting group
 Bai Wu, who is frustrated with his life in the real world, suddenly gains the ability to see the success rate of events. Use the success rate to reach the pinnacle of life!
 Bai Wu, who is frustrated with his life in the real world, suddenly gains the ability to see the success rate of events. Use the success rate to reach the pinnacle of life!
 What's the experience of having a rival in love who is good at playing? His love was taken, his relatives died distressingly, his property was taken, and he was jailed ... He thought it should be the end, but before he was released from prison, he... Then, he returns back, enriches himself and doesn't forget to kick the villain's ass.

 Amawa Hibiki wants to be a gym teacher. He has just graduated, has no money, and no working experience. Seito Sannomiya school was looking for a new gym teacher, but the president of this school despises all men and will only accept female teachers.Still, since Hibiki badly needs a job, he disguises himself as a woman, takes the examination, and is actually accepted as the new female gym teacher. He soon becomes quite popular with the students, due to his unconventional teaching methods. But this is only the beginning of his troubles...One of them is the female student named Kuzuha Fuuko.
 Amawa Hibiki is a young man just out of college, with an education to be an athletics teacher. He's been having a hard time finding a job since he graduated, so all his money has gone towards living expenses. When his landlady demands his first payment to live in her living establishment upfront, he heads to the local middle school to get hired as a teacher. However, the principal refuses to hire him without hesitation. She will not hire men as teachers and makes it clear that she hates all men, saying they put no love into their passions and work. Amawa does not give up and with the help of his landlady, he crossdresses as a woman without a second thought, and gets hired, so he can earn money and also prove the principal wrong. Now, he has to keep his real gender a secret, and avoid strange situations, including the affections of his students (from both genders).
 “Ding Ding!” “System Prompt
 The master is driving the crane west, what should I do if the enemy comes to the door? ! Awaken the apprenticeship rebate system, the more you give to your apprentice, the more you get back to your master! Hahaha, good disciples, come quickly, as a teacher, you never hide your
 Sitting in the prison for three years. Li Xiantian is back! He carries the seven strongest bloodlines of the heavens, twelve peak master skills, thirty-six sets of ten thousand realm supreme exercises, seventy-two mysterious and strongest skills, and one hundred and eight laws of chaos. But with his current strength, the bloodline spirit beast he summoned is a pig?


 I Annoyed Millions of Cultivators tells the story of a Jiangbei student who fought valiantly at the subway station and was blessed by the system. Fortunately, he hosts the system and travels to another world. In this different world full of cultivators, Jiangbei had turned from a trash in a small town to a child genius in everyone’s eyes. Relying on the system, Jiangbei has started the road of improvement and become stronger just by playing treasures, and pissing people off. After a series of chaos and poetry battles, Jiangbei gradually developed feelings for his relatives here. Jiangbei, his genius brother Jiangnan, and Wu Wang’s daughter, Hou Yanlan, join hands to fight against mysterious forces and endless evil spirits.As the story progresses, Jiangbei’s mysterious life experiences are gradually revealed, and the grievances and hatred of the previous generation continue to Jiangbei. Seventeen years ago, Jiang Wanguan was hunted by an enemy family. In desperation, he carried Jiangbei and Jiangnan who were still babies across the endless waters from the central continent to the northern continent where auras were rare, and their whereabouts were still a mystery to this day. With the arrival of a mysterious power, the old seal will be broken, destroying the peaceful life. Jiangbei emerged from battle after battle, saw the origin of the mysterious power, and solved the crisis. The earth-shaking battle severed the “unparalleled connection between the world and the earth”. The geniuses of the central continent came to the northern continent with the help of the teleportation formation. In order to protect the peace of the continent, Jiangbei faced the geniuses of the central continent, showing their strength, forcing them one by one.After teleportation is gone, space and time are blocked again, and the world is isolated. After learning that his mother was not dead, Jiangbei was imprisoned by the Ten Thousand Demonic Sect of the Starfall Continent for nearly two decades, determined to cross the mysterious and vast endless sea, to the central continent of this world, and set foot on the path to save his mother. A glorious journey.


 Aiming to become a modeling artist, Itsuki, a childhood friend of Ichitaka who went to America has come back to Japan. Iori who refused the idol path and started to pursue her ambition to become an actress instead. Ichitaka, wandering on his bicycle alone, tries to decide his choice between the two persons.
 Aiming to become a modeling artist, Itsuki, a childhood friend of Ichitaka who went to America has come back to Japan. Iori who refused the idol path and started to pursue her ambition to become an actress instead. Ichitaka, wandering on his bicycle alone, tries to decide his choice between the two persons.
 Seto Ichitaka has a crush on Yoshizuki Iori, a girl in his class who has become so popular she now has her own fan club at school. But only a miracle could make him be with her, since the day he first saw Iori-chan, Ichitaka has been too shy to even talk to her. This miracle happened and now he and Iori are working together on the Freshmen Welcoming Party. It seems that things start to look bright for Seto, but then a special childhood friend is coming for a visit...
 5 Dream Sequences, dubbed his Delusions. Wet dreams from the imagination of a healthy young male.

 [Introduction to the story] The male protagonist Lin Fei is an ancient deity in the world of cultivating immortals. Killed by a traitor, the murderer was a certain clan that he casually rescued five hundred years ago. What kind of conspiracy is hidden behind this? Watch how Lin Fei uses his strength to stage a series of hearty face-slapping scenes in the process of searching for the answer! In this era, people are always reincarnation, but I Lin Fei, depends on being immortal. I have lived for hundreds of million years, just to find my beloved ones that I lost for a million years!!
 Who said that if you are selected by the system, you will have to work hard for the system? For Su Chen, it is impossible to work part-time, and it is impossible to work for the system in this lifetime. Tasks issued by the system? No answer! Dare the system threaten? beat him! The system knelt down and pleaded
 Seto Ichitaka has a crush on Yoshizuki Iori, a girl in his class who has become so popular she now has her own fan club at school. But only a miracle could make him be with her, since the day he first saw Iori-chan, Ichitaka has been too shy to even talk to her. This miracle happened and now he and Iori are working together on the Freshmen Welcoming Party. It seems that things start to look bright for Ichitaka, but then a special childhood friend visits...
 By A.D. 2010, all men have died off quickly due to a dramatic change in the environment and an unknown contaminant. The population decreased to the lowest number ever seen...until only the women were left alive.They live huddled in small corners of a world mostly reclaimed by nature.There are those who accept their inevitable extinction and live a carefree life...There are those who try to continue on the race with the help of science...It is a society of constant conflict over their differences of principles and policies.The story takes place in the center of Tokyo. It is one of the places left for them. The conflict over the specimen of "ICE" and the chance it may provide to save humanity begins.

 A masochistic mobster meets his match in the dark streets of Tokyo. His nemesis, Ichi, is a psychopathic killer with an unrelenting thirst for bloodshed. A horrifying secret burns in his mind, and his hands deal death without mercy. At last, the shrouds of mystery are parted to reveal the origin of the monster. The city will know its greatest fear at the unveiling of Ichi the Killer.
 Sai Akuto aims to become part of his country's highest order of magicians and contribute to society as one of its clergy. On the day he is admitted into the Constan Magical Academy, his aptitude test predicts the following though
 After enrolling at the Constant Magic Academy, Akuto Sai discovers he's not just a gifted student with magical powers; he's destined to become the Demon King. And though he's not that crazy about the idea, it drives the girls wild! From the sexy school girls in his class to the skin-obsessed android who's programmed to seduce him, Akuto has no shortage of wacky girl trouble. How much temptation can a demon king take?
 DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou.
 DVD/BD specials of Ichiban Ushiro no Daimaou.
 Manaka Junpei races to the rooftop of his middle school one day, only to be surprised by a falling angel - a beautiful girl wearing strawberry (ichigo) panties. Against the backdrop of a setting sun, she runs away, dropping her notebook. Junpei returns the notebook to the student whose name is listed in it, to Toujou Aya, but he is disappointed to find out that she is not the girl that he met on the rooftop. On a dare from his friends, he decides to confess to most beautiful girl in 3rd year class, Nishino Tsukasa. While her hairstyle is different from the girl of his dreams, she is both very beautiful and she was wearing strawberry panties, so she must have been the girl that he met on the rooftop, or was she?
 Ichigo Mashimaro encore is a two-episode OVA continues onwards from the previous set of OVAs of Ichigo Mashimaro.
 Based on Barasui's manga series, Ichigo Mashimaro follows the life of Nobue Itou, her younger sister Chika, and her friends. The basic premise of the show can be summed up in "cute girls do cute things in cute ways", be it trying to quit smoking, going outside to play, celebrating a holiday, or doing school work. This OVA picks up where the series left off, continuing the adventures of your everyday life, only cuter.
 5 dream sequences, dubbed his delusions. Wet dreams from the imagination of a healthy young male.
 Iczelion, the final entry in the "Icz" series, is a departure from the previous storyline in most resepcts.Throughout the galaxy, two villians destory and pillage anything in their path. Their names are Cross and Chaos, and they are ready to invade their next target
 All memories exist with "I-Machines."
 The virtual world of ID
 Sakaido is a genius detective who can track down any criminal. But when his daughter is murdered, revenge lands him on the other side of the law. Now in prison, he helps the police solve mysteries using a system that invades a person’s identity. Little by little, a trail of blood forms, and it all leads back to his daughter’s murderer.
 Sho liked MTB very much and he always practiced at the practice field, “X-Zone”, with his friends, Takumi and Makoto. Takumi was a good mechanic and Makoto was a competitive girl rider.One day, he was challenged by a MTB team, “Shark Tooth”, of Samejima brothers’ betting the X-Zone. For Sho, X-Zone was a memorable place where he had spent days with his dead father, and he couldn’t lose the game.The day came, and during the race with the leader of Shark Tooth, black smoke suddenly covered around, and they were sent to another world. When he came to, he found Kakeru, Makoto, and his MTB, “Flame Caesar”, were also there.While they were wondering what had happened, MTB riders came.They challenged Sho to a MTB bout. They said Sho had to collect 10 pieces of emblems by winning MTB bout, “Idaten Battle”.This is how Sho came down to compete in Idaten Battle at various courses, such as, volcanos, ruins, deserts, snowy montains, and grave yards.Whether will show win the race to come back to his world?
 The concept behind the project is a "battle royale" between three idol units, each one led by a Sengoku-era commander who has been reincarnated as a music producer. The winner of the battle royale will be determined by sales numbers and voting at each live performance. The group that wins will hold a grand live performance to adopt the name of "the greatest under the heavens."
 Eriko Tamura is Kousuke Tamura, the chairman of Tamura Productions (reknown music company) and Minako Tamura's (former famous idol singer) only daughter. Having talent for singing since birth, she has always loved her parent's media world. Then one day tragedy strikes when her parents get into a horrible car accident, which kills her father and leaves her mother in coma. She is left in her father's best friend, Mr. Uchida's care. Now Eriko must take the path of singing, a path her parents did not want her to pursue. Then her uncle is out to destroy her career. But in spite of all the hardship, she becomes an idol and wins hearts all over Japan.
 Once every century, the legendary mahjong dials called the "Legendary Pai" show themselves to the world, and if you collect them all it will grant you any wish. They show up in the form of evil monsters and you must defeat all 10 to obtain this chance. So, a Bunny Alien, A Maid-Dominatrix, A Cyborg, A girl form the world of magic and a transforming super hero all must fight these monsters along with themselves to grant the wish that they want to come true.
 Once every century, the legendary mahjong dials called the "Legendary Pai" show themselves to the world, and if you collect them all it will grant you any wish. They show up in the form of evil monsters and you must defeat all 10 to obtain this chance. So, a Bunny Alien, A Maid-Dominatrix, A Cyborg, A girl form the world of magic and a transforming super hero all must fight these monsters along with themselves to grant the wish that they want to come true.
 Tie-in anime linked to the "Idol Land PriPara" smartphone game.
 The story of Idol Memories is set in the near future, where live idol music performances in virtual reality have become commonplace. Against this backdrop, a pair of rival idol groups compete for the coveted "tiara", which represents the number one spot in the "Idol League".
 Mimu Emilton is a cute fourteen-year-old who has come to the annual Starland Festival to become an idol, just like her role model, Yuri. It is the most celebrated event on a united Earth, and Yuri, now the President of Earth, has encouraged people to join the ranks of Excellent Idols. Unfortunately for Mimu, she can never seem to make it to her audition on time, as misadventure after misadventure lands her in situations (usually involving undergarment exposure, I might add) that she escapes with the help of the current Excellent Idols, whom she befriends. Just as she makes her place on the stage and begins her audition, though, an unknown group of aliens kidnaps her and the Excellent Idols. It is only the beginning of a wild interdimensional goose-chase that places Mimu in the position to save the world, if only she can believe in herself.
 Mimu Emilton is a cute fourteen-year-old who has come to the annual Starland Festival to become an idol, just like her role model, Yuri. It is the most celebrated event on a united Earth, and Yuri, now the President of Earth, has encouraged people to join the ranks of Excellent Idols. Unfortunately for Mimu, she can never seem to make it to her audition on time, as misadventure after misadventure lands her in situations (usually involving undergarment exposure, I might add) that she escapes with the help of the current Excellent Idols, whom she befriends. Just as she makes her place on the stage and begins her audition, though, an unknown group of aliens kidnaps her and the Excellent Idols. It is only the beginning of a wild interdimensional goose-chase that places Mimu in the position to save the world, if only she can believe in herself.
 The story focuses on Yui, a girl who lives in the town of Paparajuku, and who dreams of being an idol, even if she realizes that being an idol is next to impossible for her. Her friends often remark on how much she dreams about it. But then, the PriPara idol theme park opens in her town, and that an idol named Laala is coming to town from Parajuku, which only makes Yui dream even bigger. The new PriPara theme park has been updated with new concepts. However, due to a system error, Laala is no longer able to PriPara Change.
 Working at an agency owned by your father, seven new idols await. They are all part of an idol unit IDOLiSH7, and each of them have unique personalities. It is your task to manage them. In order to achieve the same goals, as manager and idols together, you gather the seven ununified hearts and aim for the top.
 A spin-off series of the IDOLiSH7 TV series, streamed exclusively on YouTube. In this spin-off series, they zoom in on the relationships of the members of Trigger, how they met, and how they grew closer as an unit. It also comes up with an ending for the unresolved issue in the first season regarding the song "Natsu Shiyouze".
 Second season of IDOLiSH7.
 Third season of IDOLiSH7.
 Second cour of the third season of IDOLiSH7.
 The anime's production will use motion capture technology to capture the movements of the voice cast while simultaneously producing voice recordings.
 107 years ago, the Moon was destroyed in a massive cataclysm that shattered Earth's former satellite into 81 quintillion tons of orbital debris. However, thanks to super-science, the Earth itself was saved and today no one really thinks much about that century-past disaster. Which is why when teenage Haruka Amami auditions for something called the Idolmaster Project, she THINKS she's trying out to be a singing idol. Instead, Haruka finds herself at a secret school run by the Mondenkind Agency, living with a group of other girls who have also been selected as candidates to pilot an iDOL - an advanced robot specifically designed to intercept falling chunks of moon rock. Except, the people who run the Mondenkind Agency aren't exactly knights in shining armor. And then there's the question of whether the iDOLs are really JUST robots. Because from almost the first moment, Haruka starts to feel emotions resonating from within the iDOL called Imber.
 To become an idol, I shed blood, sweat, and tears. Even so, I push on. I want to shine. I want to earn it. I want to become number one. I want to smile. I want to make my dreams come true. I want to look back at a sea of people. I want to be noticed. I want to find it. I want to overcome obstacles. I have only pride inside my chest.No one is in the spotlight from the beginning. Everyone is weak. Only those who do not break will reach the highest peak to become an idol. This is the story of idols who face big dreams and harsh reality.
 The story starts in a mysterious place in the future where "boys and girls meet."
 Remi is a boy living happily with his mother in the French countryside. But everything changes when his estranged father comes home and, in desperate need of money, reveals that Remi is adopted, and sells him. Heartbroken, Remi ends up with Vitalis, a traveling musician, and his troupe of animal entertainers. Together, they travel the country in search for Remi's real parents, along the way learning the harsh lessons of life. A deeply moving story about friendship, loss and the pursuit of happiness.
 Remy, a cheerful and tender-hearted girl, lives with her mother in a French country town. One day her father returns to the town after a long period working away from home in a city. Her father tells Remy that she isn't their real daughter, and Remy is almost sold to an evil slave trader. It is Vitalis, a strolling entertainer, who helps Remy. Vitalis discovers her talent for singing and decides to take her in with his troupe.
 In the year 2048, people are raving about a fighting race called “Immortal Grand Prix”, or IGPX in short, which is faster and more exciting than any of the existing motor sports. The phenomenon is so big that an entire city was built for the racing industry where competitions take place on a huge track. In the “Immortal Grand Prix,” two teams of three IG machines, high-tech humanoid mechs driven by humans, race at speeds greater than 400km/h. The teams make three laps of a 60 km course while intercepting the opponent as they vie for a first place finish. The best machine performance, the best pilots and the best teamwork are the only factors that can make them the winners.
 Team Satomi has just been deemed as the winners for the IG-2 lower league and now join the top IG-1 competition. But it's not going to be easy. Young pilots Takeshi, Liz, Amy, and River are going to have to be a team to be number 1, however one thing leads to another with these four. Most important of all, their opponents overwhelm Team Satomi in every aspect, including strategy and skill, as well as funding. One thing is for sure, this is not going to be an easy year for "Team Satomi."
 Second season of Iii Icecrin.
 High schooler Hayase Nagatoro loves to spend her free time doing one thing, and that is to bully her Senpai! After Nagatoro and her friends stumble upon the aspiring artist's drawings, they find enjoyment in mercilessly bullying the timid Senpai. Nagatoro resolves to continue her cruel game and visits him daily so that she can force Senpai into doing whatever interests her at the time, especially if it makes him uncomfortable.Slightly aroused by and somewhat fearful of Nagatoro, Senpai is constantly roped into her antics as his interests, hobbies, appearance, and even personality are used against him as she entertains herself at his expense. As time goes on, Senpai realizes that he doesn't dislike Nagatoro's presence, and the two of them develop an uneasy friendship as one patiently puts up with the antics of the other.
 Every day, Naoto Hachiouji is teased relentlessly by Hayase Nagatoro, a first year student he meets one day in the library while working on his manga. After reading his story and seeing his awkward demeanor, she decides from that moment on to toy with him, even calling him "Senpai" in lieu of using his real name.At first, Nagatoro's relentless antics are more bothersome than anything and leave him feeling embarrassed, as he is forced to cater to her whims. However, as they spend more time together, a strange sort of friendship develops between them, and Naoto finds that life with Nagatoro can even be fun. But one thing's for sure
 "A girl in a lower grade just made me cry!"One day, Senpai visits the library after school and becomes the target of a super sadistic junior! The name of the girl who teases, torments, and tantalizes Senpai is "Nagatoro!" She's annoying yet adorable. It's painful, but you still want to be by her side. This is a story about an extremely sadistic and temperamental girl and you'll feel something awaken inside of you.
 Hayase Nagatoro and Naoto Hachiouji have grown closer
 Second season of Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san.
 Inaho Jr. High's Boys Ping Pong Club has only 6 members, the club minimum. Takeda is your average nice guy. Kinoshita is good looking and popular with girls. Unfortunately, the rest are branded as losers. Tanabe is too foreign, while Tanaka is petite and perverse. Maeno and Izawa are truly deviant, and their crazed antics have earned the team some powerful enemies. In spite of their differences, the team needs to work together to retain their practice room and club status.
 Ikebukuro is home to many different businesses and gangs. This includes Makoto Majima
 Ikeike! Momon-chan is a series of shorts created to promote the Omote Sando upscale shopping centre in Tokyo.  Each episode typically focuses on the comedic interactions between Momon-chan, the peach girl and Tanu, the tanuki, as they discuss everything from horoscopes, to Christmas, to tools that reference Doraemon, to traditional Japanese New Year's games, and much much more.
 Ikeike! Momon-chan is a series of shorts created to promote the Omote Sando upscale shopping centre in Tokyo.Each episode typically focuses on the comedic interactions between Momon-chan, the peach girl and Tanu, the tanuki, as they discuss everything from horoscopes, to Christmas, to tools that reference Doraemon, to traditional Japanese New Year's games, and much much more.
 My name is Sasuke. I was a graduate student, but one day I got time-slipped into a warring period. On top of that, it's a different warring period that I learned about in history textbooks....
 An anime adaptation of the erotic manga "Ikenai Boy" by Yoshihiro Suma, serialized in Business Jump.Our hero is the typical young energetic college boy, but he got a special gift. He has "magic hands" that puts all women in ecstasy. Obviously he is taking advantage of this gift by meeting one bishoujo after the other!
 16-year old Keisuke Saji loves to fantasize about young beautiful women. He hopes to land the object of his affection, Koizumi Akira. However, Koizumi hates Saji (as well as all men) to the point of assault. While most guys take Koizumi's cold shoulder as a hint, Saji pursues head-on without having rejection faze him.
 Modern day Japan sees a similar struggle to that of Romance of the Three Kingdoms, between different rival schools with the three strongest being; Kyosho Academy led by Sousou Moutoku, Nanyo Academy by Sonsaku Hakufu and Ryuubi Gentoku from Seito High School. Together these three toushi, each with their own magatama, fight for the honour of becoming Ikki Tousen and fulfilling their fated destiny through battle and conquest.
 Seven schools are constantly at war with each other, and the students within - both male and female - have become skilled fighters and constantly battle with rival schools. Their lives and fates are guided by strange jewels that contain the spirits and destinies of warriors from the Sangokushi period. One girl, Sonsaku Hakufu, has recently moved to Japan and is apparently destined to unite the schools as her counterpart united seven countries long ago. But, like all heroes, there is a darker side to her fate, and as always there is a constant struggle by those around her to break the chains of their own destinies and make their own lives.
 In Ikkitousen, the Kanto region of Japan is locked in the middle of a turf war between seven different high schools. Among the students of these schools are a select few who are in possession of sacred beads. These magatama harbor the souls of warriors who fought during the Three Kingdoms Era of Chinese history. Not only are these students blessed with abilities that draw from the souls they are tied to, but they are also blessed, or maybe cursed, with the fates of these warriors from the past.One of these students is Hakufu Sonsaku; a young, caring, dim-witted girl who has recently transferred into Nanyo Academy and will be living with her cousin, Koukin Shuyu. Hakufu’s arrival creates an almost immediate sense of tension due to her power as a fighter and the possibility that she may be the one who carries the spirit of the Chinese warlord, Sun Ce. The most powerful fighters at Nanyo, known as “The Big Four” are shaken by her presence and determined to stop Hakufu from achieving the goal given to her by her mother
 Modern day Japan sees a similar struggle to that of Romance of the Three Kingdoms, between different rival schools with the three strongest being; Kyosho Academy led by Sousou Moutoku, Nanyo Academy by Sonsaku Hakufu and Ryuubi Gentoku from Seito High School. Together these three toushi, each with their own magatama, fight for the honour of becoming Ikki Tousen and fulfilling their fated destiny through battle and conquest.
 Loosely based on the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, modern day Japan sees a similar struggle for power between different rival schools with the three strongest being; Kyosho Academy led by Sousou Moutoku, Nanyo Academy by Sonsaku Hakufu and Ryuubi Gentoku from Seito High School. Together these three tousei, each with their own mangatama, fight for the honour of becoming ikki tousen and fulfilling their fated destiny through battle and conquest.
 Loosely based on the novel 'Romance of the three kingdoms', modern day Japan sees a similar struggle for power between different rival schools with the three strongest being; Kyosho Academy led by Sousou Moutoku, Nanyo Academy by Sonsaku Hakufu and Ryuubi Gentoku from Seito High School. Together these three tousei, each with their own mangatama, fight for the honour of becoming ikki tousen and fulfilling their fated destiny through battle and conquest.
 New Ikkitousen OVA.
 New Ikkitousen OVA.
 Hakufu's dreams of participating in new fights and tournaments are put on hold as new obstacles block her path. Her friends have lost faith in her, new enemies appear, and a younger sister she never knew existed suddenly shows up on her doorstep. If Hakufu ever hopes to compete worldwide, she's going to have to deal with her issues at home first.
 Ikkitousen OVA.
 Ikkitousen OVA.
 Ikkitousen OVA.

 Nanyou Academy, led by Sonsaku Hakufu, allied with Ryuubi Gentoku's Seito High School, have together won a resounding victory over Sousou Moutoku's Kyoushou Academy at the Battle of Chibi. However, there is no rest for the weary as a figure stirs from within the site of the battle...At the same time, another figure stands before the gates of Kyoushou. Upon closer inspection, it turns out to be a high school girl with a ponytail, wearing a jersey and toting a rucksack. She smashes aside all Kyoushou fighters who try to stop her. Occupying the academy's P.A. room, she issues her challenge
 Life gets crazy for Hakufu when she takes on a pupil that acts just like her! A tournament between the school heads start, but due to Hakufu's negligence, her pupil ends up taking her place. The tournament isn't what it seems, and the girls find themselves in the middle of a plot to take over the clans.
 Ikkitousen
 The story takes place in the second half of the 19th century, as Japanese culture gains popularity in the West. A young Japanese girl, Yune, accompanies a French traveller, Oscar, on his journey back to France, and offers to help at the family's ironwork shop in Paris. Oscar's nephew and shopowner Claude reluctantly accepts to take care of Yune, and we learn how those two, who have so little in common, get to understand each other and live together in the Paris of the 1800s.
 Each of the seven volumes of the Blu-ray & DVDs will carry a short SD anime titled "Yune & Alice".
 North is everywhere solitary. Here is all North. This is a record of the people I met in these Norths. However, my memory is fragmented and does not get the point at all. Now I'm starting to wonder my efforts came to nothing. I'm just getting the occasional recognition of the existence of the world through the dull pain changes shape little by little.
 Shuuzou "Shuu" Matsutani lives his ordinary life in peace. He has friends, a crush, and a passion for kendo. Dejected after losing to his kendo rival, Shuu climbs a smokestack to watch the sunset where he finds Lala-Ru, a quiet, blue-haired girl wearing a strange pendant. Shuu attempts to befriend her, despite her uninterested, bland responses.However, his hopes are crushed when a woman, accompanied by two serpentine machines, appear out of thin air with one goal in mind
 The story follows a high school boy named Arisu and other youths who are transported to a devastated alternate world. Trapped, they are forced to play a deadly game of survival.
 In the year 2035 Team Suzaku and Team Sledge Mamma are preparing to meet in the final round of the 12th Immortal Grand Prix (IGPX). Takeshi leads Team Suzaku, which is made-up of a group of young amateur pilots who must make the most of their limited funds and weaponry in order to prepare for the competition designed for professionals.
 This is the story about the daily life of a young siscon novelist, Itsuki Hashima with his perfect little sister Chihiro, the genius illustrator Nayuta Kani, his best friend Miyako Shirakawa and some insane partners from his publishers.
 This is the story about the daily life of a young siscon novelist, Itsuki Hashima with his perfect little sister Chihiro, the genius illustrator Nayuta Kani, his best friend Miyako Shirakawa and some insane partners from his publishers.
 Original "chibi" styled animations of Imouto sae Ireba Ii. posted on the anime's official Twitter channel. Also included on the BD/DVD releases.
 Two additional episodes of Imouto sae Ireba Ii. (ONA) released exclusively on the BD/DVD volumes.
 A hapless country doctor describes with breathless urgency a night-time summons to attend a young patient. Events soon take on a surreal aspect as "unearthly horses" transport him instantaneously to the bedside. The doctor, preoccupied with personal distractions and grievances against those he is employed to care for, fails to find what is revealed to be a vile, fatal wound. He is humiliated by the villagers, who are "always expecting the impossible from the doctor," and doomed to an endless return trip, losing everything.
 Fushimi Inari is a shy, not-so-bright middle school girl living in Kyoto’s Fushimi ward. She has a crush on her classmate Tanbabashi, but cannot express her feelings. One day, as thanks for helping a fox pup, the deity Ukanomitamanokami grants her the ability to change her form.
 Unaired OVA bundled with limited edition eighth volume of the manga.  The episode centers around the actions of Inari and Kon.
 The main character, Endou Mamoru, is a very talented goalkeeper and the grandson of one of the strongest goalkeepers in Japan, who died before he was born. Even though his skills are incredible his school lacks a real soccer club as the 6 other members don't appear very interested even in training. But as soon as a mysterious forward called Gouenji moves to Endou's town, the young goalkeeper sets out to find and recruit members for his soccer team.
 While other schools in Japan compete for the title of being the best soccer team in the country, Raimon Middle School's soccer club, Inazuma Eleven, struggles to rise from the verge of being disbanded. The grandson of Inazuma Eleven's first generation goalkeeper and captain of the team, Mamoru Endou, takes the challenge of kicking the long neglected club back into shape. To do this, he'll need a little help and more than a little luck.Mamoru Endou finds hope in the hands of Shuuya Gouenji, a brilliant young player who has given up on soccer. Mamoru is determined to get Shuuya and other new recruits to join his team, no matter what the cost. Is his passion and determination enough to treat the ailing club? Or is there no more hope for the team?
 Season four of the Inazuma Eleven series.Matsukaze Tenma, a first year who loves soccer, has exceptional dribbling skills, but still has lots of room for improvement. The story starts with him entering Raimon Jr. High ten years after the first Football Frontier International, where Raimon has become famous for its soccer. However, an organization called Fifth Sector has taken control of soccer over the years, and the passion that Raimon once had for soccer is no longer there.
 Inazuma Eleven Go vs Danball Senki W Movie
 Following the end of the Holy Road soccer tournament, Matsukaze Tenma returns to Raimon Junior High after a break, only to find out that all of his friends and teammates no longer play soccer, and the soccer club apparently doesn't exist. He is soon after approached by a mysterious person called Alpha who reveals himself to be a time traveler (from an organization in the future known as El Dorado) on a mission to destroy soccer.Together with the help of Fey Rune, Tenma must travel through time and save soccer before El Dorado rids the world of it forever.
 Inazuma Eleven Go Movie.
 The Raimon team has been invited by Fifth Sector strangely to a soccer camp. When they agree, things go out of hand since it was revealed that Fifth Sector wants to eliminate them once and for all on the island called God Eden. Now, the Raimon team needs to train harder to be able to show that they have the strength to fight back and prove Fifth Sector's doings wrong.
 n old fairy tale gets some new wrinkles in this fanciful animated adaptation. After young Jack is conned into trading his family's prize cow for a handful of beans, he plants them and discovers they produce a magical vine that rises through the clouds. Climbing the beanstalk, Jack encounters a strange and remarkable world ruled by the magical Princess Margaret. The princess is in love with Prince Tulip despite his unattractive features and harsh personality, but as it turns out, this is the work of Madam Noir, an evil witch who has cast a spell on the princess so she will marry Tulip, her only son. Can Jack help the princess avoid this awful fate? Directed by Japanese animator Gisaburo Sugii, this free adaptation of Jack and the Beanstalk has won a cult following for its fanciful story and wildly colorful design.
 Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
 Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
 Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
 Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
 Jackie Chan and his extended family must fight a criminal organization for magic talismans that could release an evil spirit.
 Known in Japan as Jagainu-kun, Dogtato is the heartwarming tale of a dog that`s really a potato...or a potato that`s really a dog. Or something. (Jagaimo = potato, inu = dog, thus the name Jagainu/Dogtato.) Dogtato`s world is full of his lovable half-veggie, half-animal friends who are always getting into wacky hijinks and misadventures.
 Once respected as the Demon Realm's second greatest authority, the Demon King's aide, Jahy, ruled her subjects with fear. But when a magical girl attacks and destroys a mystic gem containing massive power, the Demon Realm is destroyed.Although she survives, Jahy has lost almost all of her powers and finds herself stranded in the human world with a childlike appearance. In order to gather more mystic gems so that she can permanently restore both her original form and the Demon Realm, Jahy will have to adjust to her new life and deal with everyday problems that she has never experienced before. From working to pay for living expenses to arguing with her landlord whenever her rent is late, the great Jahy will not be discouraged!
 Tomozaki is one of the best gamers in Japan, and in his opinion, the game of real life is one of the worst. No clear-cut rules for success, horribly balanced, and nothing makes sense. But then he meets a gamer who's just as good as him, and she offers to teach him a few exploits...
 Tomozaki is one of the best gamers in Japan, and in his opinion, the game of real life is one of the worst. No clear-cut rules for success, horribly balanced, and nothing makes sense. But then he meets a gamer who's just as good as him, and she offers to teach him a few exploits...
 New anime project for Jaku Chara Tomozaki-kun.
 Included with the third and fourth volumes of the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 Included with the third and fourth volumes of the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.

 Jarinko Chie is a movie directed by Takahata in 1981. Based on the very popular manga by Etsumi HARUKI, it is about ten year old Chie, "the most unfortunate girl in Japan", who manages her family diner while her unemployed yakuza father and her mother are separated. This sounds really depressing, but it's actually a very funny comedy.The story is set in Osaka, which has a totally different culture from Tokyo. After the success of the movie, a TV series was made, and Takahata worked as the chief director.
 Jarinko Chie is a movie directed by Takahata in 1981. Based on the very popular manga by Etsumi HARUKI, it is about ten year old Chie, "the most unfortunate girl in Japan," who manages her family diner while her unemployed yakuza father and her mother are separated. This sounds really depressing, but it's actually a very funny comedy.The story is set in Osaka, which has a totally different culture from Tokyo. After the success of the movie, a TV series was made, and Takahata worked as the chief director.
 Jashin-chan Dropkick is a violent slapstic comedy about a delusional gothic lolita, Yurine, who summons a demon girl with the tail of a cobra, Jashin-chan.They'll have to live together until Yurine finds a way to send Jashin-chan back to hell, or until Jashin-chan kills Yurine.
 Second season of Jashin-chan Dropkick.
 Third season of Jashin-chan Dropkick.
 An unprecedented media show is on air at a TV broadcasting studio. The show is asking people whether a spider that drove an assemblyman crazy should be publicly executed or not. The spider in question is Je Bul-chal(meaning 'my mistake'), a hardworking young individual who became 'an ear cleaner' because of a precious memory he holds concerning his sister. In order to take a poll about his execution, the story of how Mr. Sorry became a spider is gradually revealed.
 In 2015 A.D., Dr. Yamanoue, the Secretary of the Science Ministry, who devotes himself assembles the Android robot on an artificial island. He intends to live together with him as his own son. But the robot has a deficiency in his electric brain. He comes to the conclusion that Dr. Kawashimo's help is essential to correct his defective rain. Although they are friends, they are rivals not only in private life but also in scientific study. Dr. Yamanoue is very jingoistic and only thinks of the robot as one of his strategic arms. On the contrary, Dr. Kawashimo is a pacifist and devotes his affection to robots.Dr. Kawashimo hurries to the island on request of Dr. Yamanoue, taking his pretty young daughter Miri with him. Arriving on the island, Dr. Kawashimo sets the electric brain into Jet Mars, a robot boy. Thus Mars comes into the world. Everything is new to Mars and he doesn't know what is good or bad. On the next day he lifts Dr. Kawashimo and Miri up onto the building. When he sees a glint of moisture in Miri's eyes, he has a mysterious feeling in his mind. Then he asks Dr. Yamanoue what it is. He is taught that it is a tear a weak girl sheds, but, a strong man never does.One day, the electric brain of Fainton, another robot, is put out of order. So Fainton goes-on a wild rampage and the island is plunged into a crisis. When the seawater runs into the facilities from the big hole made by Fainton, only Mars stands in amazement and is quite at a loss what to do just then Miri exhibits her ultra ability and covers the big hole. Led by her, Mars also carries a sheet of iron and makes repairs. At last they rescue Dr. Yamanoue and Dr. Kawashimo from being washed by seawater. Miri is the robot made by Dr. Kawashimo. Mars learns how to cry and learns how to perform a kind deed.
 When what looks to be a cluster of shooting stars appear in the sky, Rinko Kougyoku and her friend Minami each make a wish.What the girls truly saw were not stars, but 'Jewel Charms' falling to the Earth. These charms were created by three magicians in a magical world names Jewel Land, each housing one of its many native Jewelpets. Although these creatures are free to roam the world in their original form, the magicians sometimes turn them into charms so that they can be carried around with great ease. Most Jewelpets don't find this troublesome, but once a mischievous bunny by the name of Ruby feels overly claustrophobic, she devises her escape.One day, the magicians decide to move the Jewelpets, and task a pelican with delivering them to the Dream Forest. All is well until a strong gust of wind disorients the bird, who then drops all of the charms that he was carrying. Instead of heading towards the Dream Forest, all the Jewelpets but Ruby fall to Rinko’s home city on Earth. Someone must go and retrieve them all, and as Ruby was the worst-behaved of the bunch, she is given the task of going to Earth.When Ruby reaches Earth in the form of a red Jewel Charm, she falls into Rinko’s water glass, and thus begins a rather unexpected adventure. Rinko, Minami, and Ruby form an alliance to search and gather all of the fallen charms, encountering strange creatures and tons of helpful allies along the way. Will they be able to succesfully bring the Jewelpets home safely, or is Earth full of more danger than they had expected?
 The story will center around Chiari, a third-year middle school girl who lives in a world where Jewelpets and humans live side-by-side. Chiari attends Jewel Academy.
 In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines.However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members
 The story follows the rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewe Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. In order to rekindle human's "magic-believing hearts," Jewelpets transform into humans and come down to earth to study them.
 The story of the new film is set in Sweetsland, a country next to Jewelland. Ruby and the other Jewelpets are celebrating the birthday of the princess with dancing. However, during the preparations for the birthday party, a mysterious object appears from the skies. In the object is a Sweetspet boy, whose identity is unknown.
 Sunshine Academy is a boarding school in the Jewel Land. Students from the human world and the Jewel Land study together there. The Jewelpet Ruby is a third grader and she is in "Class Plum," which is also known as the class of losers.However, Ruby, who is cheerful and positive, enjoys her school life with her friends though she always quarrels with her roommate Kanon. The goal of every student at Sunshine Academy is to graduate, but they can't really envision their dreams for the future. Will Ruby and her friends be able to find their dreams before they graduate?
 Ruby is a Jewelpet, a creature whose eyes are jewels, living in the magical world of Jewel Land. In order to find a partner, Ruby travels to the human world and meets Sakura Akari. The two form a pact to compete together in a magic contest being held in Jewel Land.
 Special episode included with the Blu-ray box set of the original Jewelpet Tinkle anime series.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.


 The story takes place in the twilight years of the Qin Dynasty, and follows a young man who will dismantle the Qin Dynasty and create the Sword Dynasty.
 The story takes place in the twilight years of the Qin Dynasty, and follows a young man who will dismantle the Qin Dynasty and create the Sword Dynasty.
 Jian Wangchao 2nd season.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis


 She is the War Goddess. She is Death. She is the soul of hundreds of troops. She fought for her country, but her mom was framed and killed. She swore revenge, however, she found a dreadful plot behind it. He is a swordsman. He is a miracle doctor. He is also a perfect spy. He is gentle and loyal. He came to her with his intention, but healed her all wounds and fell in love with her unconsciously.
 "Hanako-san, Hanako-san...are you there?"At Kamome Academy, rumors abound about the school's Seven Mysteries, one of which is Hanako-san. Said to occupy the third stall of the third floor girls' bathroom in the old school building, Hanako-san grants any wish when summoned. Nene Yashiro, an occult-loving high school girl who dreams of romance, ventures into this haunted bathroom...but the Hanako-san she meets there is nothing like she imagined! Kamome Academy's Hanako-san...is a boy!
 "Hanako-san, Hanako-san...are you there?"At Kamome Academy, rumors abound about the school's Seven Mysteries, one of which is Hanako-san. Said to occupy the third stall of the third floor girls' bathroom in the old school building, Hanako-san grants any wish when summoned. Nene Yashiro, an occult-loving high school girl who dreams of romance, ventures into this haunted bathroom...but the Hanako-san she meets there is nothing like she imagined! Kamome Academy's Hanako-san...is a boy!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Cheng Ke quit his original job in pursuit of art, and did not know Jiang Yu. He also became his tenant and started a new life. The strangers in these two different fields of work started to conflict, from mutual rejection to mutual understanding. Through hard work and struggle, they each achieved success and moved towards a better future.
 Kumiko Ijima who is one of Nube's students recognizes that a man in a local park is really a criminal wanted for murder when she remembers drawing his face from the wanted photos posted by the police. Kumiko warns her classmate Kyoko while at the same time the man discovers the drawing with the name initials "K.I." written on Kumiko's drawing portfolio and briefly sees that Kumiko wears a red ribbon in her hair. The cops chase the criminal who crashes his car into a seal where a demon takes control over his soul. The demon is now on a killing rampage to find any girl that wears a red ribbon whose name initials are "K.I.".
 Continuation of the TV series.
 New student comes to Nube class. His name is Jun and he's a lonely boy who loves clowns very much. His only friend is a Pierre - clown in the mirror. And one night Pierre gives Jun a mask with strange abilities. At that point Jun starts to act strange and lot of accidents occur in the school.
 When Nube and his class arrive at a small island to carry out beach activities, they heard a forbodding tale from an old man residing on the island. Legend has it that there is a creature known as the sea spider in the open seas around the island. When the creature is past 200 years old, it will turn into a monster and devour humans to satisfy its appetite. However, curiousity kills the cat and Yukime decides to pursue the authenticity of the legend. And then, a girl suddenly appears on the beach. Possessed with a strange charm, she immediately attracts Hiroshi's attention and overcomes him. Soon later, strange things start to happen to the others whereby Kyoko and Ritsuko-sensei got attacked under strange circumstances. The true identity behind the mysterious girl is questioned and the legend behind the sea creature seems to be true after all.
 There is a rumor. There exists a message board called Jigoku Tsushin where one can access only at midnight. It is said that if one writes his grudge against someone, Jigoku Shoujo appears and she takes the person to the Hell.
 Somewhere in the vast sea of the Internet, there's a website that can only be accessed at the stroke of midnight. Known as the Jigoku Tsushin, rumor has it that if you post a grudge there, the Jigoku Shoujo will appear and drag whoever torments you into the inferno. Very little is known about the girl - all we know for sure is that she lives with her equally enigmatic grandmother, that three magical straw dolls accompany and serve her, and that whenever a posting on the Jigoku Tsushin moves her, she becomes the Jigoku Shoujo.
 Enma Ai once again returns as the Jigoku Shoujo, who uses Jigoku Tsuushin (Hell Hotline) to allow people to post their grudges on their tormentors, sending them straight to Hell. In exchange, the users of the website will end up in Hell after they die. Meanwhile, a mysterious girl with blue eyes called Kikuri appears and seems to have strange intentions towards Ai and Jigoku Tsuushin's operation.
 The third season of Jigoku Shoujo.Jigoku Shoujo, the Hell Girl. Enma Ai, what has become of her? At the end of last season she became separated from subordinates; so what will happen to Ichimoku Ren, Hone-Onna, and Wanyuudou now? What stories of hatred, lasting grudges, and revenge are being prepared for us this time?This new season promises to have a newly powered-up Enma Ai and a number of "reunions", so look forward to it!
 Fourth season of Jigoku Shoujo.
 Flash anime shorts that center around a school for mischievous demon toddlers.
 Gabimaru the Hollow, a ninja of Iwagakure Village known for being cold and emotionless, was set up by his fellow ninja and is now on death row. Tired of killing and betrayal, he wants to die. However, no method of execution works on him because as much as the seemingly apathetic Gabimaru refuses to admit it, he does have a reason to live. He wants to return to his wife, who was the reason why he softened up and failed to be an effective assassin. Thus, he refuses to die.Asaemon the Decapitator, a famous executioner, sees this and has a proposal for the ninja. He wants Gabimaru to join an expedition to an island south of Japan in search of the elixir of life in exchange for a full pardon by the Shogunate. However, this island isn't a normal island
 Gabimaru the Hollow, a ninja of Iwagakure Village known for being cold and emotionless, was set up by his fellow ninja and is now on death row. Tired of killing and betrayal, he wants to die. However, no method of execution works on him because as much as the seemingly apathetic Gabimaru refuses to admit it, he does have a reason to live. He wants to return to his wife, who was the reason why he softened up and failed to be an effective assassin. Thus, he refuses to die.Asaemon the Decapitator, a famous executioner, sees this and has a proposal for the ninja. She wants Gabimaru to join an expedition to an island south of Japan in search of the elixir of life in exchange for a full pardon by the Shogunate. However, this island isn't a normal island
 The story centers on "Chronos Rulers," those who fight the time-eating demons that appear when people wish they could turn back time. The Chronos Rulers fight a time-manipulation battle against these demons.
 The story centers on "Chronos Rulers," those who fight the time-eating demons that appear when people wish they could turn back time. The Chronos Rulers fight a time-manipulation battle against these demons.(Source
 The series is set in Zentrix City, a seemingly "perfect" city. Emperor Jarad is a scientist who with the help of scientists Dr. Roark and Dr. Coy, created a super-computer called OmnicronPsy, which manages all of the city's higher and day-to-day functions, controlling a wide variety of machines and robots, allowing humankind to live a seemingly "perfect" life.However OmnicronPsy, using His super-intelligence, decides that it would make a better ruler than Jarad, and starts to break down the coding that stops him from revolting and harming the Royal Family. Discovering this, Jarad and Dr. Roark head back in time 7 years to stop the revolt from ever happening. To accomplish this they plan to shut down the six Zentrium chips that power OmnicronPsy.Upon discovering this, Jarad's daughter and only heir, Princess Megan, proceeds to follow him to the past while OmnicronPsy concurrently undoes his restriction codes and sends his Robo Guards to hunt her down.
 It is the 25th century. The dark lord has 'infected' history with time-devices that could damage history beyond repair. Flint and his father lived in the prehistorics when they got turned into fossiles. They are discovered and Flint ges turned back to his original state. With the help of his father, a boy Tony and a girl Sara he has to travel trough time to bring the time-devices back to the land of time so history will be saved.
 Miura Kyoji, a dedicated kendo student, discovers that his shisho (master) Tate Masanari is a reincarnated Incan warrior named Yawaru who wishes to destroy the world to purify it. Kyoji himself is the warrior Bilka, who foiled Yawaru's plans in their previous lives. Yawaru gathers other awakened spirits to release the powers of nature. Now Kyoji must wrestle with his own fate and decide if he is merely a vessel for the reincarnated soul or if he is truly Miura Kyoji and which will be better able to save the world and the future as he knows it.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 In the riot-torn 1960's Tokyo of an alternate history... a special police force, the Capitol Police Organization (CAPO) has been formed. Within CAPO is the special unit that gets the toughest jobs. Some of the men in the unit, according to rumour, comprise a vigilante group called the Wolf Brigade. Fuse, a member of the special unit, broods obsessively about a terrorist girl who blew herself up in front of him. Then he meets the girl's sister and becomes emotionally involved...
 After witnessing the suicide bombing of a terrorist girl, Constable Kazuki Fuse becomes haunted by her image, and is forced to undergo retraining for his position in the Capital Police's Special Unit. However, unknown to him, he becomes a key player in a dispute between Capital and Local Police forces, as he finds himself increasingly involved with the sister of the very girl he saw die.

 Second half of Jing Cui Xian Zun.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Tomari Hinowa is a normal high schooler, until one day he's told that he has to become the wife of a mysterious creature called Kanenogi. This is the start of their newly married life.
 Wooden top king-Yun Xiaohu is a cheerful, lively, enthusiastic and competitive elementary school student. He has always been obsessed with top competitions and has repeatedly failed. He never knew that the grandfather dressed as an old farmer was one of the legendary seven sacred beast gyro masters. In addition to the roaring tiger, the chasing leopard and the King Kong armor have become treachery and have ambitions. To grab the target.
 Aoba is a young girl who loves to build models of robots. She lived alone with her grandmother until her grandmother passes away. Shortly after she is kidnapped and brought to a secret base where she discovers a huge robot. The piloted robots fight against Ancient-Jinki in The Grand Savanna, but the true meaning behind the fights is hidden. Aoba works hard at the base so one day she can pilot one of the robots and discover these secrets.
 Aoba is a young girl who loves to build models of robots. She lived alone with her grandmother until her grandmother passes away. Shortly after she is kidnapped and brought to a secret base where she discovers a huge robot. The piloted robots fight against Ancient-Jinki in The Grand Savanna, but the true meaning behind the fights is hidden. Aoba works hard at the base so one day she can pilot one of the robots and discover these secrets.

 Meet Kuromine Asahi, "the man who can't lie." On the way home, he learns an important secret. His crush, Shiragami Youko, is actually a vampire!Can Asahi actually keep her secret?It's a fun, clumsy, one-of-a kind vampire romantic comedy!
 Wang Fan, who possesses the Empyrean Xuan Emperor Technique of martial arts origin, was originally an ordinary student of the Huang Jin Academy. In order to avenge his brother, he put on the silver tiger king mask. From then on, there is one more silver tiger king who threatens the world! My name is Wang Fan, the king of the king, the ordinary Fan. Put on the mask, He is the King of Silver Tiger. Take off the mask, He is the ordinary Wang Fan.
 The second season of Jiu Tian Xuan Di Jue.
 The third season of Jiu Tian Xuan Di Jue.


 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 No synopsis information has been added to this title
 Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
 Years after an ancient evil was salvaged from the depths of the sea, Joutarou Kuujou sits peacefully within a Japanese jail cell. He's committed no crime yet demands he not be released, believing he's been possessed by an evil spirit capable of harming those around him. Concerned for her son, Holly Kuujou asks her father, Joseph Joestar, to convince Joutarou to leave the prison. Joseph informs his grandson that the "evil spirit" is in fact something called a "Stand," the physical manifestation of one's fighting spirit which can adopt a variety of deadly forms. After a fiery brawl with Joseph's friend Mohammed Avdol, Joutarou is forced out of his cell and begins learning how to control the power of his Stand.However, when a Stand awakens within Holly and threatens to consume her in 50 days, Joutarou, his grandfather, and their allies must seek out and destroy the immortal vampire responsible for her condition. They must travel halfway across the world to Cairo, Egypt and along the way, do battle with ferocious Stand users set on thwarting them. If Joutarou and his allies fail in their mission, humanity is destined for a grim fate.
 Joutarou Kuujou and his allies have finally made it to Egypt, where the immortal Dio awaits. Upon their arrival, the group gains a new comrade
 In Florida, 2011, Jolyne Kuujou sits in a jail cell like her father Joutarou once did; yet this situation is not of her own choice. Framed for a crime she didn’t commit, and manipulated into serving a longer sentence, Jolyne is ready to resign to a dire fate as a prisoner of Green Dolphin Street Jail. Though all hope seems lost, a gift from Joutarou ends up awakening her latent abilities, manifesting into her Stand, Stone Free. Now armed with the power to change her fate, Jolyne sets out to find an escape from the stone ocean that holds her. However, she soon discovers that her incarceration is merely a small part of a grand plot
 In Florida, 2011, Jolyne Kuujou sits in a jail cell like her father Joutarou once did; yet this situation is not of her own choice. Framed for a crime she didn’t commit, and manipulated into serving a longer sentence, Jolyne is ready to resign to a dire fate as a prisoner of Green Dolphin Street Jail. Though all hope seems lost, a gift from Joutarou ends up awakening her latent abilities, manifesting into her Stand, Stone Free. Now armed with the power to change her fate, Jolyne sets out to find an escape from the stone ocean that holds her. However, she soon discovers that her incarceration is merely a small part of a grand plot
 Second part of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken Part 6
 Second part of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken Part 6
 Third part of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken Part 6
 Third part of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken Part 6
 Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
 The year is 1999. Morioh, a normally quiet and peaceful town, has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation.Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs.
 In a Japanese jail sits 17-year-old Jotaro Kujo
 The second season of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
 An epic horror-action-adventure! Spanning the generations of the Joestar family, each arc focuses on a certain member of the family and his/her battles with vampires, super vampires, and other Stand users.Phantom Blood stars Jonathan Joestar and the ambitious Dio Brando. It shows how the stone mask was found and how Dio first obtained and utilized his powers. Once Jonathan and Robert E. O. Speedwagon realize Dio's intentions, they must team up with Will A. Zeppeli and learn Ripple (Hamon) to stop Dio.
 Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possesed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
 Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.
 Taking place in the year 1937 on the eve of World War II, the story involves a mysterious spy training organization known as the "D Agency." The organization is established by Lieutenant Colonel Yuuki from the Imperial Japanese Army. His ideals lead him to recruit people beyond military academy graduates and personnel, while training them to become skilled agents in arts of manipulation. These agents would become a specialized team to conduct operations. One such antihero agent, under the name Jirou Gamou, goes on a harrowing mission to uncover secret documents titled "Black Notes," while battling forces from within and without his own ranks.
 With World War ll right around the corner, intelligence on other countries' social and economic situation has become a valuable asset. As a result, Japan, has established a new spy organization known as the "D Agency" to obtain this weapon.Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Yuuki, eight agents have been assigned to infiltrate and observe some of the most powerful countries, reporting on any developments associated with the war. In order to carry out these dangerous tasks, these men have trained their bodies to survive in extreme conditions and studied numerous fields such as communications and languages. However, their greatest strength lies in their ability to manipulate people in order to obtain the information necessary to give their nation the upper hand.
 Specials included with the Blu-ray box set releases of Joker Game.
 Koko Hekmatyar, a young arms dealer sells weapons under HCLI, a shipping corporation. As one of the company's unofficial weapon sellers, she secretly sells weapons in many countries while avoiding the local authorities and law enforcements as most of her work is actually illegal under international law. Travelling with her is her team of bodyguards who are mostly composed of ex-military veterans. Her latest addition to the crew is Jonah, a seemingly emotionless child soldier who is skilled in combat yet ironically hates arms dealers. Jonah joins Koko as he wishes to find the arms dealer responsible for his family's death. What follows is Koko and her crews escapades around the world.
 A ruthless arms dealer on a quixotic quest for world peace. A child soldier born into chaotic conflict. Their lives will intertwine as they journey together through the seedy underbelly of the world's arms market.
 A ruthless arms dealer on a quixotic quest for world peace. A child soldier born into chaotic conflict. Their lives will intertwine as they journey together through the seedy underbelly of the world's arms market.
 A ruthless arms dealer on a quixotic quest for world peace and a child soldier born into chaotic conflict. Their lives will intertwine as they journey together through the seedy underbelly of the world's arms market.
 Who needs dialog when you're this cute? The beautiful (but unlucky) Momoko, the cool, collected Shibumi, and the refreshingly innocent Mayumi star in a "silent manga." No speeches, no dialog! Just pictures, sound effects, and three high school girls living their daily lives.
 One day out of boredom, Tanaka decided to give her classmates nicknames based on their quirks. Her friend Sakuchi became "Ota" for her nerdy interests, and her other friend Saginomiya became "Robo" because of her expressionless personality. In retaliation, her friends decided to name Tanaka "Baka." These are the ridiculous days of three high school friends claiming (or not) the height of their youth.
 As she heads off to her entrance ceremony at Sainotama Girls' High School, Akane Kikuchi muses over her grade school dream of becoming a manga artist and the lack of progress that she has made. When she finally arrives at school, she is surprised to learn that she is once again in the same class as her two best friends
 The story follows Yuzuki Shidou, a second-year high school student who can't find what she wants to do. One day, a fairy named Buruburu suddenly appears before her and teaches her how to find and fulfill her dreams.
 Joshiraku, abbreviation of joshi rakugo, is a satirical comedy that follows the everyday life of a group of rakugoka girls. A group of girls discuss random things and usually reach an unusual or humorous conclusion that's far from the initial discussion topic.
 As Marii laments how the audience tends to applaud before she can finish her joke, the others point out she is also guilty of bad timing. Later, the girls visit Jinbouchou, where they visit the buildings of various publishers whilst searching for Kodansha's office. Afterwards, Kigu ends up concentrating so much that she ends up being afflicted with focus lines whilst Marii also becomes afflicted with a romantic and fluffy backdrop.
 The Sakurada family is a pretty ordinary family of eleven people living in a solitary house. Except that their father is the king, and each of the children has special powers. Also, to ensure their safety and to help citizens decide the next king, the house is observed by more than 200 security cameras.
 The Sakurada siblings live a normal life in a typical Japanese household. Well, that's what their father, the king, wants for them at least. As members of the royal family, each sibling possesses a unique ability, and over two thousand security cameras have been placed around town to make sure the children are safe and sound. Moreover, all nine of them have been designated as a potential successor to the throne with the decision that the next ruler will be selected through an election.However, for the timid Akane Sakurada, the third eldest daughter who wields the power to manipulate gravity, all of this attention is a complete nightmare. With all the cameras constantly monitoring the candidates and even broadcasting their actions on the Sakurada-dedicated news channel, she decides that if she becomes king, the cameras have got to go. But just how will she convince the public that she is the most suited to rule if she can't even overcome her own shyness?! Election season is in full swing as the search for the next king begins in Joukamachi no Dandelion.
 Set in alternate history Japan in 1931 and the 64th year of the Meiji era, the Tokugawa shogunate was never abolished and Emperor Meiji was never restored to power. The anime will follow the activities of "Nue," an organization of shogunate executioners who enforce the government. The country has developed its own energy source, the "dragon vein," and has achieved a unique development in which science and the Edo period are mixed.However, behind the glamorous city, the dissident organization Kuchinawa strives to overthrow the administration, while the Nue of the Tokugawa regime, who was entrusted with its extermination, are in conflict. Sawa Yukimura, whose family was killed when she was young, continues to search for Janome, the executioner of the Nue.
 The teenage demon ends up in a aroma store. Does the store owner takes him in out of good will or evil intentions? How is he going to trick the demon? Find it out. The story of their journey begins now.
 Set in a world where history has taken a slightly different course from the one we're familiar with, K follows the story of a young boy whose life is caught in a psychic war between seven kings.Ashinaka High School is known for its unique setting
 Isano Yashiro (aka
 Hirasawa Yui, a young, carefree girl entering high school, has her imagination instantly captured when she sees a poster advertising the "Light Music Club." Being the carefree girl that she is, she quickly signs up; however, Yui has a problem, she is unable to play an instrument.When Yui goes to the clubroom to explain, she's greeted by the other members
 Graduation draws near for Yui, Ritsu, Mio and Tsumugi, the four 3rd-year students of the Light Music Club. They, together with Azusa, decide to go on a post-graduation trip. Their destination, decided by lot, is London!
 The seven Blu-ray disc volumes of K-ON! have an extra short anime "Ura-ON!"
 It is almost the end of the year, and Houkago Tea Time has been invited to participate in a live house on New Year's Eve! The iconic band members are Yui Hirasawa, the carefree guitarist who is enthusiastic to play music; Mio Akiyama, the shy bassist who gets embarrassed easily; Tsumugi Kotobuki, the gentle and sweet keyboardist who finds joy in normal activities; Ritsu Tainaka, the extroverted drummer who likes to tease Mio; and Azusa Nakano, the rhythm guitarist who is one year younger than the rest but slightly more mature.Performing in the set gives the girls the rare opportunity to meet various people from different bands, including the one that invited them, Love Crysis. Will Houkago Tea Time be able to delight their audiences successfully?
 It is the final year of high school for Hirasawa Yui (guitar), Tainaka Ritsu (drums), Akiyama Mio (bass), and Kotobuki Tsumugi (keyboard); the founding members of the Light Music Club. Together with their junior member Nakano Azusa (guitar), they spend their days after school in the music room enjoying tea and sweets, and practising music. Amidst band practice, preparations for the new student orientation performance, scouting for new members, and student responsibilities they still have time for After School Tea Time.
 The student band "After School Tea Time" (lead guitarist Yui Hirasawa, bassist Mio Akiyama, drummer Ritsu Tanaika, and keyboardist Tsumugi Kotobuki) are ready to graduate and take their band to new heights. But before they can do that, they must recruit new members to ensure the survival of the light music club!Between band practice, club recruitment, and studying, the girls stumble through daily teenager life
 Ever since the School Island Incident, in which the four Kings were involved, the Silver Clansman, Kuroh Yatogami and Neko were on their search for their master Shiro. Unable to find any leads to Shiro, the two were in a gloomy mood until they ran into Homura members, Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushima, who were apparently being chased by someone...
 Ever since the School Island Incident, in which the four Kings were involved, the Silver Clansman, Kuroh Yatogami and Neko were on their search for their master Shiro. Unable to find any leads to Shiro, the two were in a gloomy mood until they ran into Homura members, Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushima, who were apparently being chased by someone...
 In modern Japan, where history has strangely overlapped with reality. There, seven "Kings" with great superpowers existed. Along with their clansman to whom they shared their own power with, the kings each formed clans. Order bound by blue, red flames that cause chaos, irregularities that shine in white, and reforms branched off into green. The Kings, each with their own abilities, now...With "jungle" once again jumping back into action, the fates of the various Kings are brought together.
 Tensions are running high among the clans as the Green King begins making moves that threaten to drive the world into pandemonium. Following the death of the Gold King, the safety of the Dresden Slate, the source of power of the Kings, is under threat. Nagare Hisui, the sly and mysterious leader of the Green Clan Jungle, is determined to procure the powerful Slate by any means possible.Standing directly in his way is Sceptre 4, the Blue Clan, headed by their unyielding King, Reisi Munakata. However, the grim sight of his crumbling Sword of Damocles leaves the stability of his clan and all of Japan in jeopardy. Meanwhile, still recovering from their tragic losses, Anna Kushina and her aggressive clan HOMRA find themselves caught up in the Green King’s games. Amidst the chaos, Kurou Yatogami and Neko are left vulnerable while their beloved friend, Yashiro Isana, the Silver King, remains missing.K

 Endou, a night guard, was patrolling the mall as usual. But this night was going to be different from usual...
 The series revolves around kabuki, a classic style of Japanese dance-drama that combines music, drama, and dance. Kurogo Kurusu, a 15-year-old high school student has a passion for kabuki and hopes to establish a kabuki club at school. Things are not easy as they seem when he realizes that he needs to find students to join him.
 Shinjuku ward east side... The center of the street with most chaos, There's a Kabukicho with full of neon lights. When the light is stronger, the shadow is deeper. The story begins when certain bizarre murder happens one night! Suspense? Or Comedy? Drama that cannot identify begins!
 Shinjuku ward east side... The center of the street with most chaos, There's a Kabukicho with full of neon lights. When the light is stronger, the shadow is deeper. The story begins when certain bizarre murder happens one night! Suspense? Or Comedy? Drama that cannot identify begins!
 The OVAs depict the past and future of Sherlock, Watson, Moriarty, and the other detectives in the tenement.
 Mikio Osawa, an average 5th grade school boy, lives in the suburbs of Osaka. Mikio likes Haruko Tezuka, a cute little girl in his class. However, Mikio is too shy and withdrawn to tell Haruko that he likes her. One day, Mikio's close friend Megane brings news that Haruko is about to move away to another town...Kaede Newtown is a romantic comedy animation created by Naoto Iwakiri, an Osaka-born illustrator. With cute little characters and music created by Japanese band Aprils and singer-songwriter TOMOVSKY, Kaede Newtown takes you back to the good ol' town you lived in during the good ol' days of your childhood.
 Nakajima Corporation's "Pickles the Frog" character has spawned stuffed toys, picture books, and various other merchandise. The character's fictional biography has him born in "qua mei dou" (a play on Tokyo's Kameido neighborhood) in France on June 1, 1994.
 Extra science lessons included with the Gunbuster Blu-ray Box Complete Edition. These explain how the space ropeway works, and time dilation from near-lightspeed travel.
 The science trouble romantic comedy follows a cyborg girl and a half-dog girl who go to extremes with the power of science.
 Due to dangers of decreasing resources and growing pollution, the International Scientific Organization (ISO) is established to improve environmental conditions throughout the world. But an international criminal group, Gallactor, tries to achieve world domination by taking control of the ISO. Gallactor was created by a mysterious being from outer space known as Generalissimo X, who gives orders through its chief commander on Earth, the masked Berg Katse. To fight Gallactor and its robot monsters, the ISO's Dr. Nambu enlists five brave youths into a combat squad called Gatchaman,the Science Commandos. Special scientific powers and dramatic birdlike costumes make the Gatchaman Squad a match for Gallactor, wherever on Earth it may strike. Ken (the Eagle) is the wise leader, assisted by sometimes-foolhardy Joe (the Condor), pretty Jun (the Swan), eager little Jinpei (the Swallow), and strong Ryu (the Horned Owl). Each has individual scientific weapons, but their main power lies in their aircraft, the Phoenix, which can transform itself into a fiery arrow capable of piercing the most massive threats. GATCHAMAN is a series of dynamic action and tension as Ken, Joe, Jun, Jinpei, and Ryu hold themselves in constant readiness to meet each new threat by Gallactor to conquer the world.
 Due to dangers of decreasing resources and growing pollution, the International Scientific Organization (ISO) is established to improve environmental conditions throughout the world. But an international criminal group, Gallactor, tries to achieve world domination by taking control of the ISO. Gallactor was created by a mysterious being from outer space known as Generalissimo X, who gives orders through its chief commander on Earth, the masked Berg Katse. To fight Gallactor and its robot monsters, the ISO's Dr. Nambu enlists five brave youths into a combat squad called Gatchaman,the Science Commandos. Special scientific powers and dramatic birdlike costumes make the Gatchaman Squad a match for Gallactor, wherever on Earth it may strike. Ken (the Eagle) is the wise leader, assisted by sometimes-foolhardy Joe (the Condor), pretty Jun (the Swan), eager little Jinpei (the Swallow), and strong Ryu (the Horned Owl). Each has individual scientific weapons, but their main power lies in their aircraft, the Phoenix, which can transform itself into a fiery arrow capable of piercing the most massive threats. GATCHAMAN is a series of dynamic action and tension as Ken, Joe, Jun, Jinpei, and Ryu hold themselves in constant readiness to meet each new threat by Gallactor to conquer the world.
 This is the condensed theatrical adaptation of the original TV series' first season.
 A.D. 2066 - Shortly after a small country separates itself from the United Nations, members of the International Science Organization mysteriously disappear without a trace. Renowned scientist Kouzaburou Nanbu realizes that the secret organization known as the "Gallactor" is making its move to conquer the world. To counter this terrorist group, he prepares his ultimate weapon
 After Leader X is seemingly destroyed for good at the end of Gatchaman II, a fragment of him that survived grows and mutates into Z. With the head of the Egobossler family, Count Egobossler (and his two subordinates Mechandol and Kempler), Z is bent on destroying the Earth, and the Science Ninja Team, once more.In the wake of Anderson's death, Dr.Nambu has become the new head of the ISO, while the team is now confined to the Gallatown (aka "G-Town") underwater base. Engineer Kamo is introduced, and after the New GodPhoenix is destroyed early on, the team receives the new Gatchaspartan as their mecha. The Gatchaspartan has a special mode as well, called Hypershoot, that can only be utilized by Ken (with his new "Gatchafencer" sword).As the series progresses, it is learned that the radiation exposure from constant use of the Hypershoot is slowly killing Ken, and that continued use would mean death. Meanwhile, Z plans to destroy the earth with an antimatter asteroid, codenamed "Poison Apple".
 Two years after the defeat of Galactor and the apparent death of Condor Joe, a cruise ship is attacked by Leader X, killing nearly everyone on board. One of the survivors, a young girl, is captured by X and rapidly aged into the bizarre, masculine-voiced villainess Gel Sadra. Though she has the appearance of an adult, Gel Sadra is not immune to throwing childish tantrums and behaving immaturely.In the midst of the revival of Galactor, the Science Ninja Team is called back into action, with a shady man known as Hawk Getz acting as the replacement for Joe. Getz is quickly revealed to be a Galactor agent in disguise (and had killed the actual Getz who was to join), and winds up killed by a mysterious feather shuriken. After hints spread in the first three episodes, Joe reappears in the fourth episode, having somehow survived his fatal injuries at the end of the first series, and rejoins the team. It is later revealed that he was rescued by an ex-Galactor scientist at the brink of his death, and was the subject of various cybernetic augmentations.Later in the series, a female scientist known as Dr.Pandora is introduced, who had lost her husband and daughter in the cruise ship disaster. Unbeknown to her, her daughter Sammie survived and is in fact Gel Sadra.
 Kagemori Mamoru is a dowdy boy whose hair is disheveled and who wears thick glasses, but he is actually the son of a ninja family. They have protected their neighbors, the Konnyaku family, secretly for 400 years. Mamoru has personally protected their daughter, Konnyaku Yuuna, since they were in kindergarten. When Yuuna is in trouble, Mamoru puts on ninja suit and turns into a competent ninja to help her.
 A spin-off chibi anime of Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!
 Founded in the Taisho era, the "Red Flower Opera Company" attracts people's hearts across generations on a beautiful and gorgeous stage created only by unmarried women. The 100th generation students who have passed through a high magnification and entered the "Red Flower Opera Music School" to develop the human resources. Sarasa Watanabe, an innocent girl with a height of 178 cm who longs for "Oscar-sama." Ai Narada, a former national idol who is indifferent to everything, both dreams and friends. The music school life full of hope and conflict, where everything is disjointed, is about to begin!
 Mysterious monsters that appear and attack in present time.The people can only be played with by them in this extreme situation.Why do these monsters appear to attack people...?Sousuke Banba, a scientist, searches for the truth with the keyword "Kagewani"A new feeling of panic suspense animation begins.
 Mysterious monsters that appear and attack in present time.The people can only be played with by them in this extreme situation.Why do these monsters appear to attack people...?Sousuke Banba, a scientist, searches for the truth with the keyword "Kagewani"A new feeling of panic suspense animation begins.
 A 2-part TV special. The first part is a comedic bickering couple taking a sketchy plane for vacation. The second part is a horror a camera crew encounter while staying at the Hotel Southpacific after landing.
 Generally, it is believed that Lewis Carroll wrote two books about Alice. However there is another Alice book, "Endless Alice". Somehow, the pages of the books were taken apart and they are lying in girls' minds.Kirihara Aruto likes Alice books very much, and he likes to imagine his own Alice. One day, he happens to meet a girl flying in the air, and she looks exactly like his Alice. Her name is Arisugawa Arisu. She is one of "Alice". The Alice have fragments of the Alice book in their minds, and they fights against each other to collect these fragments. If one can collect the whole fragments to complete the book, it will grant any wish.
 A crossover television anime featuring chibi renditions of characters from Kanon, Air, Clannad, Little Busters!, Rewrite, and additional Key franchises to be revealed at a later date.
 Second season of Kaginado.
 Okina is a bamboo cutter in ancient rural Japan. One day in the forest, he finds a tiny baby in the folds of a bamboo shoot. He brings the creature home to his wife Ounaa and they decide to keep her and raise her as a princess. She is clearly not of this world. Kaguya grows at an unnatural rate, soon maturing into an uncommonly beautiful young woman. Since Okina has now also found a cache of gold and treasure in the forest, every suitor wants Kaguya. But this is not a fairy tale of courtship and marriage.
 Deep in the countryside, a man named Okina works as a bamboo cutter in a forest, chopping away at the hollow plants day after day. One day, he discovers a small baby inside a glowing shoot. He immediately takes her home, convinced that she is a princess sent to Earth as a divine blessing from heaven. Okina and his wife Ouna take it upon themselves to raise the infant as their own, watching over her as she quickly grows into an energetic young girl. Given the name Kaguya, she fits right in with the village she has come to call home, going on adventures with the other children and enjoying what youth has to offer.But when Okina finds a large fortune of gold and treasure in the forest, Kaguya's life is completely changed. Believing this to be yet another gift from heaven, he takes it upon himself to turn his daughter into a real princess using the wealth he has just obtained, relocating the family to a mansion in the capital. As she leaves her friends behind to enter into an unwanted life of royalty, Kaguya's origins and purpose slowly come to light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 After their first kiss, Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane are left unsure where their relationship stands. The troubling uncertainty of whether they could be considered an official couple unleashes newfound problems as both Kaguya and Shirogane struggle to sort out their feelings.While the lovestruck student council officers fret, the Christmas season rolls around, and romance is in the air. In the face of widespread tenderness, Kaguya and Shirogane must endure their affectionate battle of wits once more. Should they reconcile their feelings for one another, they may find themselves within reach of what they have both been longing for so long
 Considered a genius due to having the highest grades in the country, Miyuki Shirogane leads the prestigious Shuchiin Academy's student council as its president, working alongside the beautiful and wealthy vice president Kaguya Shinomiya. The two are often regarded as the perfect couple by students despite them not being in any sort of romantic relationship.However, the truth is that after spending so much time together, the two have developed feelings for one another; unfortunately, neither is willing to confess, as doing so would be a sign of weakness. With their pride as elite students on the line, Miyuki and Kaguya embark on a quest to do whatever is necessary to get a confession out of the other. Through their daily antics, the battle of love begins!
 Considered a genius due to having the highest grades in the country, Miyuki Shirogane leads the prestigious Shuchiin Academy's student council as its president, working alongside the beautiful and wealthy vice president Kaguya Shinomiya. The two are often regarded as the perfect couple by students despite them not being in any sort of romantic relationship.However, the truth is that after spending so much time together, the two have developed feelings for one another; unfortunately, neither is willing to confess, as doing so would be a sign of weakness. With their pride as elite students on the line, Miyuki and Kaguya embark on a quest to do whatever is necessary to get a confession out of the other. Through their daily antics, the battle of love begins!
 OVA comprising the two volumes of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai Darkness.
 Third season of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai
 Third season of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai
 Adaptation of the 110th chapter of the manga to announce the third season of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai.
 Second season of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai
 Second season of Kaguya-sama wa Kokurasetai
 As long as hearts exist inside people, there will always be those who suffer. And then something "strange" enters their mind and causes a strange disease to manifest itself in the body. The illness, which is called a "mystery disease" is unknown to most, but certainly exists. There is a doctor and apprentice who fights the disease, which modern medicine cannot cure.His name is Ramune. He acts freely all the time, is foul-mouthed, and doesn't even look like a doctor! However, once he is confronted with the mysterious disease, he is able to quickly uncover the root cause of his patients' deep-seated distress and cure them. And beyond that...
 This story takes place during the Heian Period of Japan's history, when evil spirits still resided in the forests, mountains and rivers. A girl, accompanied by her loved one, battles against these evil spirits, while she is disguised as man. This brave woman, aka Kaidoumaru, with a Chinese character Flame tatooed on her upper arm, was one of the Four Devas. Kaidoumaru fights for the honor of her lost love, Minamoto no Raikou, who had sacrified his life in order to protect the capital Kyouto, from the evils deeds of a princess cursed by a malicious ogre. The princess, whom Kaidoumaru used to play with as a child, has now become her ultimate enemy.
 This story takes place during the Heian Period of Japan`s history, when evil spirits still resided in the forests, mountains and rivers. A girl, accompanied by her loved one, battles against these evil spirits, while she is disguised as man. This brave woman, aka "Kaidomaru", with a Chinese character "Flame" tatooed on her upper arm, was one of the "Four Devas". Kaidomaru fights for the honor of her lost love, Raikou Minamotono, who had sacrified his life in order to protect the capital Kyoto, from the evils deeds of a "princess" cursed by a malicious ogre. The princess, whom Kaidomaru used to play with as a child, has now become her ultimate enemy.(Source
 North Song Dynasty in ancient China, a legendary figure emerged in North Song's capital Kai Feng. He is governor Zheng Bao. Peasants call him Bao Gong (Lord Bao). In a corrupted government, he differentiates himself by demonstrating extreme honestly, uprightness, impartiality, and the courage to uphold justice, which, won him the title "Justice Bao". In Chinese folklore, Zheng Bao is the reincarnation of Megrez (Chinese God of Wisdom) and possesses supernatural powers. Kai Feng Story tells the legend of Bao Gong in a brand new type of personality.
 An adaptation of Hans Christian Andersen's The Snow Queen in a central Asian setting
 A sci-fi love story set in a world where digitization of memory made physical death obsolete. A world where memories can be stolen and altered, and replaced in a new human body.Kaiba wakes up in a room without knowing who he is. He has a pendant with the photograph of a woman he does not remember. After being attacked all of a sudden, he has to flee to space, meet various people, and rediscover the world."Even without my memories, I love you..."
 Kaibutsu-kun and his companions, Dracula, Wolfman, and Franken, travel from Kaibutsu Land to the Human Realm, where they encounter and battle several monsters, mainly assassins from the demon group Demonish.
 Misaki Ayuzawa is the first female student council president at a once-all-boys-turned-co-ed school. She rules the school with a strict discipline demeanor, but she has a secret
 Extra episode included in Blu-ray and DVD volume 10, entitled "Omake dayo (It's an extra!)".
 Each episode contains three short stories, an appetizer, entree and desert. The first two dishes of each episode depict the ghostly events that revolve around sixth-grade schoolgirl Ozora Ako. The closing chapter of each episode is a ghost story told by Ako and her classmates.
 "Healing magicians cannot fight alone."Keare, who was bound by this common knowledge, was exploited again and again by others. One day, he noticed what lay beyond healing magic, and was convinced that a healing magician was the strongest class. However, by the time he realized that potential, he was deprived of everything. Thus, he used healing magic on the world itself to go back four years, deciding to redo everything.This is a heroic tale of one healing magician who became the strongest by using knowledge from his past life and healing magic.
 "Healing magicians cannot fight alone."Keare, who was bound by this common knowledge, was exploited again and again by others. One day, he noticed what lay beyond healing magic, and was convinced that a healing magician was the strongest class. However, by the time he realized that potential, he was deprived of everything. Thus, he used healing magic on the world itself to go back four years, deciding to redo everything.This is a heroic tale of one healing magician who became the strongest by using knowledge from his past life and healing magic.
 This is the story of a small friendship, and a parting of ways throughout a number of strange occurrences.A modern-day bizarre romanesque with a piercing combination of "weirdness", "girls", and "sexuality".
 Touka Kuroizu is a research assistant who belongs to the Monster Development Department of the evil organization Agastia. However, the enemy she has to fight right now isn't the heroes of justice, but her boss.So long justice exists, evil too, will exist. This is the story of those who fight secretly in the shadows of justice and evil's confrontation.
 Touka Kuroizu is a research assistant who belongs to the Monster Development Department of the evil organization Agastia. However, the enemy she has to fight right now isn't the heroes of justice, but her boss.So long justice exists, evil too, will exist. This is the story of those who fight secretly in the shadows of justice and evil's confrontation.

 The Ultra Kaijuu Gijinka Keikaku project transforms kaijuu (monsters) from the Ultraman live-action special-effects series into cute, female anthropomorphised monsters.
 2nd Season for Kaijuu Girls
 One summer vacation, Ruka meets two boys, "Umi" and "Sora," whose upbringing contains strange and wonderful secrets. Drawn to their beautiful swimming, almost more like flying, Ruka and the adults who know them are intertwined in a complex mesh...Meanwhile, an unexplained anomaly is occurring all over the world
 One summer vacation, Ruka meets two boys, "Umi" and "Sora," whose upbringing contains strange and wonderful secrets. Drawn to their beautiful swimming, almost more like flying, Ruka and the adults who know them are intertwined in a complex mesh...Meanwhile, an unexplained anomaly is occurring all over the world
 The J-Rock band CLIMB has split up, for good. The drummer and bass guitarist have become fed up with the way the band is managed, and leave. They decide to start up their own band; "Lucifer, The Fallen Angel". The problem is, they have a serious lack of available talent. Meanwhile, across town, an extraordinarily talented piano player and singer has shown up at a hotel, and is thrilling audiences with his amazing style and grace. He's a quiet, soft-spoken man, however, and is obviously harbouring dark secrets as well as suffering from depression. Lucifer needs a vocalist; this mysterious stranger needs a path in life. Will they find each other?
 Adapted from the popular storybooks of the same name by Yutaka Hara, Kaiketsu Zorori follows the adventures of a scheming fox named Zorori, who is determined to become the King of Mischief with his very own castle and beautiful bride. Although Zorori is notorious for his pranks and tricks, his conniving plots often backfire and end up helping his targets, and despite appearing to be villainous and immoral, he is actually caring and sentimental. Nevertheless, Zorori has the wits, intelligence, and dexterity to always find a solution out of the most hopeless of situations. Travelling with a pair of twin boar bandits, Ishishi and Noshishi, he continues on his journey to make his deceased mother proud.
 Zorori Movie 4.
 The dark soldier, Dariel (30 years old), who can't use magic despite being in the Demon Lord's army, was fired for his lack of capacity. Having been raised by the previous Demon Lord himself, he finds that his adoptive brother, the new Demon Lord, has little use for him. However, after rescuing a village girl from a forest monster, Dariel is invited into her village and starts realizing that he may be considerably more powerful than what he thought...
 Yet another expansion of the Marine Boy series. This time 65 episodes were added to the 1966 series and all 78 episodes were sold to the US. The broadcast history of the show in Japan was slightly more complicated, with only the first 36 episodes of the 78 shown at first but later on all 78 were shown, out of which 65 are contained in this entry and 13 in the Ganbare! Marine Kid series.Marine is now equipped with an underwater boomerang, a hydrojet, and the mermaid Neptuna/Neptina has become his girlfriend. Some previous episodes from Ganbare! Marine Kid had their footage recycled in part for this series.
 School girl Haneoka Meimi transforms into the mysterious thief Saint Tail, and steals back what was stolen or taken dishonestly. She's assisted by a classmate and sister-in-training, Mimori Seira, whose position in the church after school each day allows her to hear the troubles of those who have been wronged and have come to pray to God.While Saint Tail steals to right the wrongs done to innocent people, she's a thief to the police force. Her classmate Asuka Daiki Jr., called Asuka Jr., and son of Detective Asuka, is hot on her trail. Saint Tail delivers notices of her planned capers to Asuka Jr., to give him a fair chance to catch her.
 There are no items that can not be stolen by Joker, The Mysterious Thief. With his magic tricks, Joker go around the world, steal the treasure! No half-hearted, ranging from special agents to the most sophisticated equipment were deployed to subdue him. Is there anything can stop the exploits of The Mysterious Thief?!
 Second season of Kaitou Joker series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.
 Third season of Kaitou Joker series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.
 Fourth season in the Kaitou Joker anime series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.

 Based on the Kaitou Reinya "nonsensical comedy" four-panel manga. Tanaka Reina, a member of Hello Project's girl band Morning Musume, serves as the inspiration for the main character Reinya, a thief that is the stuff of urban legends.Tanaka (Onegai My Melody Kirara's title character) will play Reinya, a girl who wears a signboard for the Faminya convenience store near a police station by day. By night, she is a whimsical thief chased by bumbling police officers, led by the handsome Keiji-san ("Detective," Okano Kousuke) and the cool Keibu-san ("Inspector," Youki Sou). Joining Reinya on her escapades is her trusty assistant, the mouse Chuutarou (Okano).
 Based on the Kaitou Reinya "nonsensical comedy" four-panel manga. Tanaka Reina, a member of Hello Project's girl band Morning Musume, serves as the inspiration for the main character Reinya, a thief that is the stuff of urban legends.Tanaka (Onegai My Melody Kirara's title character) will play Reinya, a girl who wears a signboard for the Faminya convenience store near a police station by day. By night, she is a whimsical thief chased by bumbling police officers, led by the handsome Keiji-san ("Detective," Okano Kousuke) and the cool Keibu-san ("Inspector," Youki Sou). Joining Reinya on her escapades is her trusty assistant, the mouse Chuutarou (Okano).
 The students of St. Cerise Academy are all busy preparing for the 100th school festival, and both Minazuki Haruka and Kannazuki Aoi are putting a lot of effort into their rehearsals for the stage performance Twin Angel Show.Some days before the festival, a certain book is stolen from within the Academy Chapel. Following that, Haruka and Aoi become aware of the existence of a letter, a proclamation of war, issued by someone calling himself the Baron of the 4th Dimension.
 New Kaitou Tenshi Twin Angel TV series.
 The OVA will be pre-sold during the Comiket 87 starting on December 28, 2014, regular retail distribution of the limited edition package will start on January 30, 2015.
 Fena Houtman is a young orphan girl that has been raised on an Island where there is no hope of becoming anything more than chattel, to be used and discarded by soldiers of the British Empire. But Fena is more than just another powerless orphan. When her mysterious past comes knocking, Fena will break the chains of her oppressors. Her goal
 Fena Houtman is a young orphan girl that has been raised on an Island where there is no hope of becoming anything more than chattel, to be used and discarded by soldiers of the British Empire. But Fena is more than just another powerless orphan. When her mysterious past comes knocking, Fena will break the chains of her oppressors. Her goal
 Hyakkaou Private Academy. An institution for the privileged with a very peculiar curriculum. You see, when you're the sons and daughters of the wealthiest of the wealthy, it's not athletic prowess or book smarts that keep you ahead. It's reading your opponent, the art of the deal. What better way to hone those skills than with a rigorous curriculum of gambling? At Hyakkaou Private Academy, the winners live like kings, and the losers are put through the wringer. But when Yumeko Jabami enrolls, she's gonna teach these kids what a high roller really looks like!
 Unlike many schools, attending Hyakkaou Private Academy prepares students for their time in the real world. Since many of the students are the children of the richest people in the world, the academy has its quirks that separate it from all the others. By day, it is a normal school, educating its pupils in history, languages, and the like. But at night, it turns into a gambling den, educating them in the art of dealing with money and manipulating people. Money is power; those who come out on top in the games stand at the top of the school.Yumeko Jabami, a seemingly naive and beautiful transfer student, is ready to try her hand at Hyakkaou's special curriculum. Unlike the rest, she doesn't play to win, but for the thrill of the gamble, and her borderline insane way of gambling might just bring too many new cards to the table.
 Picture drama episodes included on the DVD/Blu-ray Volumes of Kakegurui.
 As a first-year student of the renowned Hyakkaou Private Academy, Mary Saotome knows her future is set for a one-way cruise to the top...That is, until an encounter with an old-classmate-turned-housepet throws the newbie princess into the world of gambling! Can a normal girl like Mary make friends and survive debtless through only wit and luck?
 As a first-year student of the renowned Hyakkaou Private Academy, Mary Saotome knows her future is set for a one-way cruise to the top...That is, until an encounter with an old-classmate-turned-housepet throws the newbie princess into the world of gambling! Can a normal girl like Mary make friends and survive debtless through only wit and luck?
 Second season of Kakegurui.
 Second season of Kakegurui.
 Kakkou no Iinazuke mini anime released on the KADOKAWA Anime YouTube channel.
 16-year-old super-studier Nagi Umino, second-year student at the Meguro River Academy high school, was switched at birth. On his way to a dinner to meet his birth parents, he accidentally meets the brash, outspoken, Erika Amano, who is determined to make Nagi her fake boyfriend as she never wants to actually marry. But once Nagi makes it to dinner, he finds his parents have decided to resolve the hospital switch by conveniently having him marry the daughter his birth parents raised...who turns out to be none other than Erika herself!
 16-year-old super-studier Nagi Umino, second-year student at the Meguro River Academy high school, was switched at birth. On his way to a dinner to meet his birth parents, he accidentally meets the brash, outspoken, Erika Amano, who is determined to make Nagi her fake boyfriend as she never wants to actually marry. But once Nagi makes it to dinner, he finds his parents have decided to resolve the hospital switch by conveniently having him marry the daughter his birth parents raised...who turns out to be none other than Erika herself!
 The story centers on five girls who fight with a special mission in the plane of existence on the other side of the screen. The setting of the story is the metropolitan area of the Japanese capital, after it was beset by a certain abnormality.
 A series of natural disasters has reduced the world to rubble, with the survivors doing whatever they must to survive in a world gone mad. But one young boy, Kakugo, gifted with amazing martial arts and a superpowerful suit of armor by his late father, has been charged with making the world (or at least his school) a safer place. But his sister has a matching set of skills and equipment, and she`s on a mission to bring peace to the world... by wiping out humanity!
 A series of natural disasters has reduced the world to rubble, with the survivors doing whatever they must to survive in a world gone mad. But one young boy, Kakugo, gifted with amazing martial arts and a superpowerful suit of armor by his late father, has been charged with making the world (or at least his school) a safer place. But his sister has a matching set of skills and equipment, and she`s on a mission to bring peace to the world... by wiping out humanity!
 Thanks to the development of the Dyson Sphere, The majority of the human populace lives in space. The Dorssia Military Federation, and the Atlantic Rim United States exist as major Military countries, while JOIR is a neutral principality, the story follows Haruto Tokishima as a normal boy going thru high school in T.C (True Calendar) year 71. This all changes when Haruto meets the humanoid weapon Valvrave.
 Among the ruins of the city, there is a game only children can play. It is called "Otokoyo"; a game of hide-and-seek. But whenever children play this game, one by one they would disappear into the blinds of the buildings... The story begins when a boy enters the world of Otokoyo, to find his missing sister.
 There is a street where no one lives, where ghostly lights flicker in the shadows. It is whispered that children who play hide-and-seek there after dark are kidnapped by demons... and disappear forever. Tonight, a boy named Hikora joins the game in search of his missing sister. Eight children gather. The street lamps flare though no one is there to light them. The game... and the terror... are about to begin!
 Female college student Aoi inherited her deceased grandfather's ability to see ayakashi. One day, while Aoi is feeding some ayakashi, a demon appears! He declares that Aoi's grandfather owed a great debt, and as compensation, Aoi must marry the demon! Aoi refuses, and decides to pay off the debt by working.
 Female college student Aoi inherited her deceased grandfather's ability to see ayakashi. One day, while Aoi is feeding some ayakashi, a demon appears! He declares that Aoi's grandfather owed a great debt, and as compensation, Aoi must marry the demon! Aoi refuses, and decides to pay off the debt by working.
 "We will open the curtain back in time, to the story of one lone manga creator."This story is about Gotou Kakushi, an artist who draws a somewhat vulgar manga, and tries to hide it for the sake of his daughter, Hime. A father-daughter tale of love and laughter.
 Kakushi Gotou is a somewhat popular manga artist whose works are known for inappropriate content. Because of this raunchiness, when his daughter Hime was born, he vowed to keep his profession hidden from her, believing that she will be disillusioned if she finds out.This paranoia-induced belief leads Kakushi into hectic situations. Despite being a single father, he does his best and often resorts to extreme ends just to protect his secret, such as guising as a salaryman every day or holding emergency drills in case Hime somehow finds her way to his workplace.Kakushigoto tells the story of a father and daughter living side by side, maintaining their peaceful existence as the father attempts to preserve the status quo. However, there is a saying
 Compilation movie of the TV series which includes new scenes that were not adapted in the television anime, and different perspectives.Kakushi Gotou is a somewhat popular manga artist whose works are known for inappropriate content. Because of this raunchiness, when his daughter Hime was born, he vowed to keep his profession hidden from her, believing that she will be disillusioned if she finds out.This paranoia-induced belief leads Kakushi into hectic situations. Despite being a single father, he does his best and often resorts to extreme ends just to protect his secret, such as guising as a salaryman every day or holding emergency drills in case Hime somehow finds her way to his workplace.Kakushigoto tells the story of a father and daughter living side by side, maintaining their peaceful existence as the father attempts to preserve the status quo. However, there is a saying
 At first glance, Mao Ran is a normal cute girl, but she is a master of a martial arts handed down by Mao family.One day, she is tricked by her grandfather, and forced to take part in the fighting match, "Prime Mat". First, she is reluctant to fight, but fighting against the rivals, she is gradually fascinated by the "fighting".
 Mao Lan continues growing into her path in life through what she learns while fighting. Her grandfather thinks that she has grown complacent and decides to train an adversary for her next Prime Mat appearance. Training with her friends and companions Mao Lan slowly advances through life.
 When Tsuyoshi rushed to school as usual, he found a girl who tried to help a kitten which couldn't get down from a tree. It was Minamizato Ai who had loved Tsuyoshi secretly for a long time.
 Naegino Sora is a 16 year old girl who yearns for the "Kaleido Stage" she once saw with her now deceased parents. And so, alone she sets off to America from Japan to go for an audition.However, Sora arrives at the audition late and misses her chance of a lifetime... But that is just the start of the challenges that she must face to become a top entertainer. As she works hard on beautiful stages and goes through times of discouragement, the conscience of a professional awakens in her.
 Sora, a young girl from Japan, comes to America in search of her dream. She wants, with all her heart, to be a member of the Kaleido Stage, a world famous circus, with a combination of musicals, acrobatics and magical effects. With the help of her friends, she struggles to make this dream come true.
 Sora Naegino has finally consolidated herself as Kaleido Stage's greatest star ever, and a new star starts to shine as Rosetta Passel is selected to participate in the next attraction in a main role. But when things start to go wrong in the rehearsals, Rosetta starts to question her ability to take the role, as her own capacity to remain in Kaleido Stage. Meanwhile, Fool also struggles with his demons from the past.
 Layla is going to perform Phoenix in Broadway. Playing this important role, she sets out on a journey by bicycle alone without leaving any message in order to find out what is missing in her.
 Fujiwara Naeka is a typical 17 year-old high school student, or so we were lead to believe. It turns out she is one of two surviving heirs to a tycoon's gigantic fortune, that she will inherit in half a year, when she turns 18.Fubuki, a young and beautiful maid, and Kogarashi, a big burly maid guy with a mask, have been assigned to keep Naeka and her brother Kousuke safe from those who would plot their demise, and to steal the fortune she would inherit.
 Fujiwara Naeka is a typical 17 year-old high school student, or so we were lead to believe. It turns out she is one of two surviving heirs to a tycoon's gigantic fortune, that she will inherit in half a year, when she turns 18.Fubuki, a young and beautiful maid, and Kogarashi, a big burly maid guy with a mask, have been assigned to keep Naeka and her brother Kousuke safe from those who would plot their demise, and to steal the fortune she would inherit.
 Red Shadow, created by Mitsuteru Yokoyama, is a ninja who wears a red-and-black costume and a stylized red mask. His adventures take place in Feudal Japan, and he and his ninja sidekicks Aokage and Shirokage fight evil warlords, wizards and daikaiju using modern high-tech gadgetry (a blatant oddity in a period setting).
 A set of animated shorts featuring the popular Imagin characters from the Japanese live-action series "Kamen Rider Den-O".
 A spin-off to the Kamen Rider Zero-One TV series, this series of short anime follows the regular lives of the Kamen Rider Zero-One characters in super deformed anime art style. These shorts were originally released on the Toei Tokusatsu Fanclub (TTFC) app.
 Yuuya, one half of the boy pop duo ZINGS, may be the laziest performer in the Japanese music industry. His partner is out there giving 110% every night (and, thankfully, he's quite popular), but Yuuya's half-assed, sloppy dancing, and his frankly hostile attitude toward the audience, has the fans hating him and his agent looking for any excuse to cut him loose. The career of a pop idol just isn't the path of easy leisure and adulation Yuuya expected...After a particularly lifeless concert appearance, Yuuya meets a girl backstage. She's dressed to the nines in a colorful outfit, she's full of vim and vigor, and all she wants from life is to perform. There's just one problem
 Tower of God centers around a boy called Twenty-Fifth Bam, who has spent most of his life trapped beneath a vast and mysterious Tower, with only his close friend, Rachel, to keep him company. When Rachel enters the Tower, Bam manages to open the door into it as well, and faces challenges at each floor of this tower as he tries to find his closest companion.
 Tower of God centers around a boy called Twenty-Fifth Bam, who has spent most of his life trapped beneath a vast and mysterious Tower, with only his close friend, Rachel, to keep him company. When Rachel enters the Tower, Bam manages to open the door into it as well, and faces challenges at each floor of this tower as he tries to find his closest companion.
 Eli, Chihiro, and Miyako try to form a band but end up looking to Katsuragi for help. In the process they meet Kanon and become friends/ rivals.
 Eli, Chihiro, and Miyako try to form a band but end up looking to Katsuragi for help. In the process they meet Kanon and become friends/ rivals.
 Jack Hofner and Rowe Rikenbacker are Cloud 7's L/R. Their job is to protect the Royal family of Ishtar, their treasures, and their reputation. Jack & Rowe face one of the toughest missions of their career when they are assigned to protect Noelle, a candidate for the 15 Year Princesse contest. It starts out simple, but soon all of Cloud 7 are involved in a web of intrigue that includes bombings, corruption and murder.
 Jack Hofner and Rowe Rikenbacker are Cloud 7's L/R. Their job is to protect the Royal family of Ishtar, their treasures, and their reputation. Jack & Rowe face one of the toughest missions of their career when they are assigned to protect Noelle, a candidate for the 15 Year Princesse contest. It starts out simple, but soon all of Cloud 7 are involved in a web of intrigue that includes bombings, corruption and murder.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary

 Meet Galan, a Russian spastic geek who`d do anything to be a real, live samurai. But that`s just an impossible dream... or is it? When his friend Natsu, who is a successor of Japanese emigrants family, gives him the gift of an ancient sword, strange events unfold, and even stranger people drop out of the sky to attack. Now Galan must overcome his ineptitude and join a bunch of beautiful women in a wacky romp through a kingdom that time forgot. Hey, what could be better?
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Hino Akiharu lost his parents when he was small and was adopted into his uncle's family. He didn't want to be a burden on his uncle's family and decides to enter a free boarding school as a butler, Hakureiryou high school. However, his delinquent boy-like appearance frightens the girls, who make up the majority of the students. Unable to get along with the classmates, Akiharu meets his childhood crush Saikyou Tomomi.
 The future... urban civilisation has broken down; the crumbling tower blocks and great cities are sinking into ruin as greenery encroaches everywhere. Man's greed, though, is as active as ever, and for those who still have access to power armour and the other trapping of high technology, the new Holy Grail is an almost mythical source of energy locked in a vast underground complex. The beautiful and hot-tempered Yuta is the key...

 An Australian farmer returns home from the woods with a baby named Georgie. The girl lives ignoring the terrible secret hidden in the golden bracelet on her hand. Her "Father" and Her "brothers", Abel and Arthur, love her dearly, but her "mother" considers her an intruder and doesn't manage to open her heart to the girl. Georgie grows up into a beautiful young girl, and both her "brothers" are deeply in love with her. Not knowing the truth, Georgie eventually falls in love with the handsome grandson of the British Governor. When Mother finally reveals the truth to her and condemns the girl for being an exile's daughter, Georgie leaves for Britain in search of her real parents - and for her love, who has also left Australia. Abel and Arthur follow her and the three are thrown into the cruel world of London aristocracy, lies and intrigues.
 The story centers around Monona, a girl who attended the wedding ceremony of her big brother whom she adores. However, she is whisked away by a cute rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, and before she knew it, she is in a Jewelpalace where potential candidates to become a Lady have gathered. "Momona was selected by Ruby as the best female Ladyjewel candidate for the Queen of Jewelland?!"
 When Rin's mother dies, she makes the promise that some day she will become a Lady, and travels to England to meet the rest of the family. She is not very welcomed (specially at the start by her stepsister Sara), but after some time they are all a happy family. Rin (Lynn) is also very interested in horses and racing, and she wins a nice share of contests.This series is divided into two parts, first with Rin being really a child, and the second with her being around 13.
 The action fantasy anime follows Sophie, a descendant of Napoleon and leader of the Lady Napoleon organization, who fights for world domination. With her butler, named Butler, and the martial artist master Guy, Sophie travels around the world to collect the three sacred treasures left by Napoleon.
 A science-fiction comedy where various pro sports bounty hunters fight each other in sporting events. The story centers on Arigetti, Korupi, and Sabina, three women in a team who participate in various sports.
 In order to take over her grandmother's Dagashi store, art student Kumi Honamanuma moved to Kyoto. She met Harami Mino, K Kusanagi, Mai Haisaka, and a dog who lives in the store, which supposed to be empty. Kumi ended up living with these girls, who claim that they are heroes reincarnated to contemporary period to chase after the demon king. Harami and others seem to live in a peaceful life with no missions to to do anymore, Ran, who was demon king in the past and appears to be an elementary school girl from failing to reincarnate, one day. The story begins with Ran requesting to collect demon king's fragments.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Season 4 of LaLaLaDemaCia.


 LaMB is an animated film produced by Animax. The film has also been developed into four different episodes for Mobile and PSP users.The original script for the film was written by Carmelo S. J. Juinio, one of the finalists of the 2007 Animax Awards Pan-Asia Animation competition. Juinio is one of the mentors of the Far Eastern University Literary Guild and a recipient of the Philippines's Don Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature.In 2009, the competition was broadcast in high definition across several countries. The film was illustrated by Yasufumi Soejima and directed by Ryosuke Tei. It was the first Animax original production that provided two different songs for the opening and ending themes of the movie, featuring the music of Simple Plan and The Click Five.The film tells the story of a futuristic inhabited planet that has seemingly perfected a system of justice and imprisonment, called "Lamination". Individuals convicted of serious crimes are encased in laminated suits, which results in virtual slavery. The criminals are referred to as "LaMBs". The protagonists struggle with the political and ethical system of laminated imprisonment, leading to the eventual development of a romantic relationship between a free citizen and a LaMB.
 Lamune tells the story of a boy named Kenji and his childhood friend Nanami. Although, everyone seems to know that they have a relationship, neither are determined to push it anymore than close friends.The story goes through flashbacks, explaining why they are such close friends and any action doesn’t seem to push them apart, but draw them closer.
 Gluttonous and tomboyish, Lan Mo is hardly anyone's ideal girl, but with a magical hair clip from a mysterious trinket shop that disappears the next day, she may be able to become just that. With its power, she can transform into a beautiful and feminine young lady, someone who may finally be able to catch the eye of her childhood friend and crush, Liu Yifeng. However, keeping the clip's secret proves difficult for Lan Mo when faced with Liu Yifeng's admirers and the mysterious stranger Xia An. And to further complicate matters, Lan Mo's possession of the hair clip may turn out to be more than just mere coincidence.
 The battle action novel series revolves around Youtarou Hanafusa, a young man who is part of the last remaining order of knights in the 21st century, "Knights of the World." As he fights as the mysterious Knight Lancer, he must hide his identity behind a mask.
 The land of Zer’lue is in turmoil, ravaged by the technological might of Chairman Sana'ku and his evil, militaristic Zul’earth forces. In a rapidly unfolding story of treachery, deceit and betrayal, only one boy holds the power to defeat such overwhelming odds... a boy named Lue'der, who possesses a mysterious red eye and the ability to control the power of the wind itself. With the fate of the world at stake, Lue'der must learn to unlock his legendary power and battle against the evil which threatens to engulf his planet.
 The land of Zer’lue is in turmoil, ravaged by the technological might of Chairman Sana'ku and his evil, militaristic Zul’earth forces. In a rapidly unfolding story of treachery, deceit and betrayal, only one boy holds the power to defeat such overwhelming odds... a boy named Lue'der, who possesses a mysterious red eye and the ability to control the power of the wind itself. With the fate of the world at stake, Lue'der must learn to unlock his legendary power and battle against the evil which threatens to engulf his planet.
 In the Xuan Hai Tian cultivation world, where powerful sects stand tall, modern day Yang Rui accidentally becomes the Dean of the divine Lang Huan Library. Yang Rui sets out to recruit new disciples and do something remarkable. Can Yang Rui glorify the name of the Lang Huan library?
 Old Master Q and gang travels to the past.
 Based on a mixed media project that blends fantasy, magical girl, and idol elements, Lapis Re
 This high-flying adventure begins when Pazu, an engineer's apprentice, finds a young girl, Sheeta, floating down from the sky wearing a glowing pendant. Together they discover both are searching for a legendary floating castle, Laputa, and vow to unravel the mystery of the luminous crystal around Sheeta's neck. Their quest won't be easy, however. There are greedy air pirates, secret government agents and astounding obstacles to keep them from the truth, and from each other.
 This high-flying adventure begins when Pazu, an engineer's apprentice, finds a young girl, Sheeta, floating down from the sky wearing a glowing pendant. Together they discover both are searching for a legendary floating castle, Laputa, and vow to unravel the mystery of the luminous crystal around Sheeta's neck. Their quest won't be easy, however. There are greedy air pirates, secret government agents and astounding obstacles to keep them from the truth, and from each other.
 In a world that looks like the 19th century with anti-gravity devices, Claus and Lavie are pilot and co-pilot of a Vanship and act as couriers. They become involved with a mysterious mission after rescuing a little girl from a strange star-shaped killing machine.Not willing to let the girl die, they complete the mission by delivering her to the legendary mercenary ship Sylvana, only to become part of the crew as fighter pilots.
 "I've made up my mind! I'm going to steal that ship!"All source of life originates from the Grand Lake.At this very sacred lake, the battle between the Ades Federation and the Turan Kingdom has just begun. The Ades Federation, armed with massive battleships and its sights set on conquering the world, declares war on the Turan Kingdom. With the Federation's troops encroaching on their beloved country, Turan now lies on the brink of collapse. As this is happening, the princesses of Turan look on as a small vanship named Vespa cruises above their heads."We shall now commandeer your flagship and take her from this battlefield. The choice is yours. Die here, or survive with us Sky Pirates!"The Vespa continues to weave through the barrage of bombs, while the fleets of the Federation close in on Turan.What are the motives of Luscinia, the man leading the Ades Federation into the war? And what is the secret behind "Exile"?
 Last Exile
 The Sky Pirate Fam and Millia (the princess who Fam rescued as her Turan Kingdom faced devastation) wage a battle against the Ades Federation that reduced Turan to ashes, and aim to establish a revived Turan Kingdom.

 In the corrupted city of Paxtown, boxer Richard Aldana becomes the protector of Siri, a young orphaned wanted by mysterious and monstrous superhumans.
 The story is set in London and follows Katrielle as she solves mysteries with her talking dog Sherl.
 18th Century, France. Lia de Beaumont, loyal servant of Versailles and its King, Louis XV, is found dead in the river Seine. Floating inside a coffin, on which the word "Psalms" was written, her body had been poisoned by mercury, thus preserving decay. According to the Church, the soul that belonged to a corpse incapable of being consumed by the soil will forever wander in the human realm, unable to go to Heaven.This greatly affects D'Eon de Beaumont, Lia's brother and one of the king's spies. He vows to discover by whom - and why - she was murdered. But he never expected that the one who conducting the revenge would be Lia, now possessing D'Eon's body! And what will the knight do when this quest might risk France itself?History is retold in this supernatural tale of vengeance, loyalty and betrayal.
 Eiri, a talented art student, works part-time in an antique shop in a quiet part of town. Lately he’s been having visions of a beautiful, young girl. He doesn’t know why he keeps seeing her but he feels compelled to draw her constantly.One day the visions take a turn for the worse when he finds his hands covered in blood, the blood of the little girl Cossette.
 In a small village, twins are born
 From the golden pen of Ryo Mizuno, comes an all-new adventure set in the aftermath of the Lodoss Wars!Ashram, desperate to find a home for his people, is tricked into selling his soul. 300 years later, Pirotesse's devotion to her king remains unshaken.In the sacred world of Crystania, amidst a civil war waged by shape-changing warriors, she searches for her beloved Ashram. She meets Redon, a young prince obsessed with avenging his murdered parents. Together, they confront Ashram's captor -- the bloodthirsty Barbas, who aspires to rule Crystania as "The God's King".Will they free Ashram's soul . . . or will Redon's innocence become the next sacrifice to Barbas' emerging power?
 Dreams begin to haunt Lady Sheru -- dreams of her past life as Pirotesse. Her love, Ashram, is being tormented at the hands of the soul of Barbas posing as their former king, Beld of Marmo. Interpreting this as a plea for help, Sheru searches for a way to save him by entering the chaos realm using the Chaos Ring. Meanwhile, Redon and his friends are called to arms again as ancient creatures begin to appear after being sealed away for centuries. Both their paths will cross once again, and on their shoulders will the fate of Crystania lie.
 Ashram, desperate to find a home for his people, is tricked into selling his soul. 300 years later, Pirotesse's devotion to her king remains unshaken. In the sacred world of Crystania, amidst a civil war waged by shape-changing warriors, she searches for her beloved Ashram. She meets Redon, a young prince obsessed with avenging his murdered parents. Together, they confront Ashram's captor -- the bloodthirsty Barbas, who aspires to rule Crystania as "The God's King".
 The land of Crystania has been at peace for some time. But like a shallow sleep, tranquility is shattered by nightmares born of the deepest, blackest night. The seals that protect Crystania are coming undone, and the Bell of Wakening tolls on terror after terror being unleashed upon the land and its people.Tornados, basilisks and Dragon Lords roam, heralding the return of King Barbas. With every second the land is scarred more deeply. Village after village is destroyed, and the gods of Crystania are next. Only King Ashram, trapped in the World of Chaos, provides a glimmer of hope. But will Redon's innocence and Pirotess's love be enough to provide him with a portal home?
 The land of Crystania has been at peace for some time. But like a shallow sleep, tranquility is shattered by nightmares born of the deepest, blackest night. The seals that protect Crystania are coming undone, and the Bell of Wakening tolls on terror after terror being unleashed upon the land and its people.Tornados, basilisks and Dragon Lords roam, heralding the return of King Barbas. With every second the land is scarred more deeply. Village after village is destroyed, and the gods of Crystania are next. Only King Ashram, trapped in the World of Chaos, provides a glimmer of hope. But will Redon's innocence and Pirotess's love be enough to provide him with a portal home?
 The land of Crystania has been at peace for some time. But like a shallow sleep, tranquility is shattered by nightmares born of the deepest, blackest night. The seals that protect Crystania are coming undone, and the Bell of Wakening tolls on terror after terror being unleashed upon the land and its people.Tornados, basilisks and Dragon Lords roam, heralding the return of King Barbas. With every second the land is scarred more deeply. Village after village is destroyed, and the gods of Crystania are next. Only King Ashram, trapped in the World of Chaos, provides a glimmer of hope. But will Redon's innocence and Pirotess's love be enough to provide him with a portal home?
 Ashram, desperate to find a home for his people, is tricked into selling his soul. 300 years later, Pirotesse's devotion to her king remains unshaken. In the sacred world of Crystania, amidst a civil war waged by shape-changing warriors, she searches for her beloved Ashram. She meets Redon, a young prince obsessed with avenging his murdered parents. Together, they confront Ashram's captor -- the bloodthirsty Barbas, who aspires to rule Crystania as "The God's King".
 The fate of mankind is doomed in the early 21st century due to losing "purana," an essence of living force supporting all life forms. Not willing to witness the extinction of mankind, a vampire named Duo disclosed the secret of purana to humans, saving the latter from destruction. However, just like Prometheus in Greek mythology got punished for bringing fire to mankind, Duo is punished for breaking the taboo. The vampire sent to punish him is Zieg, Duo's best friend, or, more than the best friend.
 Plot Summary
 The young and beautiful Lemnear's home village is destroyed and her brother is taken away. Lemnear swears to kill the evil wizard Gardin who is responsible for the disaster. With her allies Lemnear goes on a journey to take her revenge. She doesn't know, though, that there is someone above Gardin...
 The young and beautiful Lemnear's home village is destroyed and her brother is taken away. Lemnear swears to kill the evil wizard Gardin who is responsible for the disaster. With her allies Lemnear goes on a journey to take her revenge. She doesn't know, though, that there is someone above Gardin...
 Legend of Regios was originally the English speaking cut-scenes on TV, that the characters in the Chrome Shelled Regios series were watching.This special (which has been included with the DVD release of Chrome Shelled Regios) has reorganized the scenes, extended some, and has been re-dubbed completely in Japanese. It's a side story within the Chrome Shelled Regios series.
 Gods once lived on earth, and two siblings, Oceanus - God of Water, and Hyperia - Goddess of Fire, lived in peace and dearly loved each other. However, the God of Wind, Algaroc, become jealous of the pair's happiness, and spread lies and deceit between them until their hatred for each other brought about war. Finally, Algaroc was imprisoned by the King of Gods, but after that time, the brother and sister still despised each other, so the Children of Fire and Water forever remained apart. But, then Prince Syrius of the Water and Princess Malta of the Fire meet and fall in love. The love of Syrius and Malta may not be enough to surpass their parents' hatred. Whether they can stay together forever may be impossible
 The four Ryudo brothers hold an ancient secret - they are descended from the dragons. They have the speed, strength and power of their legendary ancestors - and they're getting stronger. But when pushed to the limit, they become the terrifying, uncontrollable dragons of mythology. These powers have attracted the attention of some powerful enemies - shadowy organizations with unlimited resources and weapons who will stop at nothing to control the brothers.
 For decades, the Galactic Empire has been locked in an interstellar war with the Free Planets Alliance, a conflict that involves thousands of spaceships and millions of soldiers on both sides. Two new commanders enter the conflict with great hopes

  In the year 1947, the people of Shinjuku are down on their luck. With little money to buy food or necessities, some resort to gambling in order to survive. Traveling Tetsuya chooses to spend his time at Mahjong parlors where he is wiping the floor clean with his adversaries.However, Tetsuya meets the intensely-skilled Boushu-san, this is when he realizes that his skills are still lacking.
  Legends of Dawn
 This Fist of the North Star series focuses on the formation of an empire, specifically a hegemony, by an inheritor of the fist of the north star, Raoh.Accompanied by his two loyal comrades Souga and Reina, as well as a mysterious woman named Sakuya, Raoh will begin this journey of conquest while at the same time trying to prove his own way of thinking.
 Dark Wiz Company releases a toy called the talispod which allows children to “REBORN” and “CALL BACK” creatures called Legendz. Shuu receives a nonfunctional talispod from his father, and after being attack from three characters from the toy company, he receives a souldoll containing a windragon named Shiron.Shuu uses Shiron to get out of many battles. His friends, Mac, Meg, and Dino also get Legendz, and they must try to avoid a war that will lead to the destruction of civilization.
 The adventures of a young Clark Kent, as Superman, during his time with a team of teenage superheroes in the far future.
 The adventures of a young Clark Kent, as Superman, during his time with a team of teenage superheroes in the far future.
 Twin brothers Frank and Karl live with Uncle Charles when their parents are away. They go to school and meet Mike and Sally.They meet Sally, Norton and Mike and tell them all about R.C. Racing, but Karl tells that R.C. Racing is just babies games. Then after school, the guys go to the Race Tin club, and Mike races the duo. Karl fumbles with the controller buttons and Frank copies Mike and comes into second. After the race, Sally and his father arrive. They get to the car shop and analyze some cars. Mike tells them what R.C. Racing cars are like. He explains his car as an example, and he tells that the higher the level, the car will have to be modified with spoilers and new body kits.Frank and Karl Race Marco and later on Sword, continuing to race Tommy and Norton, onwards against Ocean, and they race Sword again in the finals.
 The second season of Lei Su Deng Shandian Chong Xian.
 The third season of Lei Su Deng Shandian Chong Xian.
 Lemon Angel was once the greatest girl band of Japan, but then it broke up and most of its members vanished. When a music producer decides to put together a new Lemon Angel, average high schooler Tomo Minaguchi is approached to audition for the group. Little does she know of the mystery behind the original Lemon Angel...
  He, a powerful president, was schemed by the girl next door.She took advantage of him and left directly! How can there be such a good thing in the world? 'I'm sorry.' If it's useful, what else should the police do! Wherever she goes, she must be caught back! Suddenly one day, a little boy ran up to him, called him father and asked him to raise! What happened? Did that woman... Or did he fall for it again?
 Sequel film of Jue Ji, released online.
 In 19th century France, a struggling single mother, Fantine, leaves her three-year-old daughter Cosette in the care of her new acquaintances, the Thernadiers. Unfortunately, Cosette's caretakers prove to be anything but loving, and the poor girl is subjected to repeated abuse and forced servitude. Still, she endures the torment in the hopes of seeing her mother once again.One night, while doing errands for her host family, Cosette is assisted by an honorable stranger named Jean Valjean. After a brief conversation with the young girl, Jean acknowledges her as the type of person he has been seeking and rescues her from the clutches of the Thernadiers. They make their way to a nearby town where Cosette enjoys a new life thanks to her savior.Under Jean's guidance, Cosette promises to help others with her newfound freedom. She pledges to heal the nation, ensuring that no one else suffers her fate. Though the road ahead is paved with tragedies left by the French Revolution, this idealistic girl will not rest until France is freed from poverty and suffering.
 Liu Yinuo, a 30-year-old ordinary office worker, was accidentally summoned to the game world. To get back to the real world, Liu Yinuo, an excellent game player, began to teach an 18-year-old girl, Tian Enya to play games, who is the savior in the game world. In the end, the two girls finished the goal in the game world with the help of many partners and returned to the real world with a more positive attitude towards life.
 With four-frame comic origins, this animated title preserves the same quick pace by following the regular cast of colorful characters through separate but interwoven story lines in every episode. From Ms. Shitara's relentless but always ineffective sexual pursuit of young Takagi to the adventures of the heroicly stupid but cute Sushi Cat, you will be mystified at the silliness of it all but find yourself laughing for the same reason!
 Letter Bees risk their lives to deliver the "heart" contained in letters. One day, newbie Lag is asked by the Bee Hive supervisor to deliver something to a girl named Elena. He's introduced to Darwin, who will guide him to his destination, and sets off in good spirits with Niche, but...!?
 Ryouta Satou, who died from overworking at a black company, was reincarnated to another world. Although Ryouta was alive, he was now burdened with the inconvenience that his level is fixed to 1 in this new world. Although he wasn’t able to raise his level, he had a unique skill that can create a cheat-like item that shouldn't exist in the world from monsters. Knowing this, he maxed out his stats with the help of ability-up items, and he gathered a number of weapons and items that can only be used by himself, which made him have the strongest stats and gear despite being level 1.
 Tsutsui Yukitaka is a freshman who has finally convinced his parents that he is ready to live on his own. When he arrives at his new apartment, he is surprised to find that someone has arrived before him;A young man who claims that he is an alien and that he is suffering from amnesia. A series of short stories involving aliens on Earth.
 Tokyo-born schoolboy Yukitaka Tsutsui is moving to Yamagata Prefecture for high school on a baseball scholarship. Since he went to the top middle school in Japan for baseball, the townsfolk are very excited about his arrival. However, when he arrives in his apartment, he encounters a strange man nonchalantly reading and wearing his clothes! The stranger claims to be an alien who crash-landed on Earth and has nowhere to go. Revealing himself to be Baka Ki El Dogra, the crown prince of the planet Dogra, he is just one of the hundreds of aliens that have already made Earth their home.Despite his regal origins, the prince is an infamous intergalactic fool who thinks nothing of inconveniencing others for his own amusement. Whether he is running ridiculous tests on his subordinates, giving strange powers to random children, or just generally being a nuisance, nobody is safe from the idiot prince's antics!

 In Beijing, a city where modernity echoes with traditional culture, where opportunities coexist with challenges, hides a bistro in a quiet alley at the foot of CBD. Different cultures and elements collide and fuse in THE BISTRO OF LI LINKE. You might easily miss it since there is no striking signboards or luxurious decorations. But all of its patrons know this comfy tiny bistro is the go-to place where you can pull yourself back from daytime fatigue and just relax, maybe even share your buried memories with the person that sits right next to you.

 Arknights spin-off miniseries.

 Three thousand years ago, Bai Qiuran was accepted as a disciple by the QingMing Taoist, After three thousand years, his teacher become immortal, the elder fails to cross the bullet, even the youngest sister builds base successfully,. But Bai Qiuran experienced three thousand years of penance still just stay in refining period, actually his refining period has reached a great level, no matter the opponent is fairy god or devil , he can easily win. Through his tireless efforts, he finally broke through!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 His Majesty comes close so handsome that flushed queen pushes him reflexively and falls with him together into the pool. Then they swap their bodies. The way to swap back is unknown. The most important thing is that the emperor is quite angry now!! Before every comes to normal, emperor has to deal with his mean imperial concubines that he never knows and the queen has to mediate between those ministeries...
 Second season of Liang Bu Yi.

 At Academy Island, everything is settled through "Games" waged for a certain number of stars, with the strongest student being granted the ranking of Seven Stars. Hiroto, a transfer student, unexpectedly beats the strongest empress and becomes the pseudo-strongest in the school! A mind game of lies and bluffs begins!
 Kasahara Iku and Dojo Atsushi receive an emergency recall in the middle of their date as Japan is rocked by a terror attack. Their new duty is a protection detail assigned to Touma Kurato, an author. Meanwhile, the relationship between Librarians and the Media Purity Committee is also worsening. During yet another hostile confrontation, Dojo is seriously wounded. Although Kasahara is badly flustered by this turn of events, Dojo still sees fit to entrust her with Touma's protection.
 Second part in the OVA series that was later adapted into a TV show in 1998.
 One relaxing Sunday, Licca tags along with a friend to babysit two rather grumpy little boys.
 In the current era, a small percentage of people called "Special Abilities" have skills and powers normal humans do not possess. An autonomous organization, the Deviant Control Office, keeps these Special Abilities in check. Though some wish to maintain this order and peace, some wish to take advantage of their abilities and obtain more power in this world.
 DetailsShaojiazhuang in Xi’an, Shaanxi Province, the owner of the village is named Shaohuashan. The talent is high and the future is promising. From the famous palace in Xi’an to the hardworking people, they are all respected and loved. The dignified number one talent, but he worked as a small editor in the Hanlin Academy, and survived bleakly. However, no one knew that he was the secret successor of the Huashan Secret Sect Eagle Snake.
 In present day Tokyo, traveling has never been more comfortable than aboard the Lightning L808, Japan's new luxury passenger plane. One day, on what seemed to be a routine flight, Haruka Leina and the plane's passengers were unaware of the mysterious and top secret cargo brought aboard, which attracted the attention of international terrorists set on obtaining it. Now, with a dangerous hostage situation at hand, only special agent Laika Strange and brave Leina may be able to save the passengers, and keep the deadly cargo from falling into the wrong hands...
 When the 17th Sokan Emperor dies and his son prepares to ascend the throne, the winds of revolution and political intrigue start to blow. But even despite the difficulties of his ascension, the new emperor must still find himself an empress.The call goes out across the nation for girls to join the contest, and soon the Forbidden City is filled with young women training and competing for the chance to become empress. One of those who answers that call is Ginga, an outspoken young farm girl who thinks that the three meals and a nap that comes with the job sounds like a pretty good deal. But she gets more than she bargained for in the process, and must rise to the challenge among her fellow candidates, and to the dangers threatening the new government she has unwittingly become a part of.
 The Deep Sleep Capsules, technology that has allowed man to reach out to the stars. These chambers slow the aging process by 95%. A 20-year trip passes, and the traveler has only aged 1 year. It definitely has its advantages, but after you've been on a few trips, it sure gets very lonely.Right now, however, that's not the big issue. The year is 2264. The Syncam Corporation has sent the Saldes and its crew of 13 (and 1 cat) out into deep space to explore the potential of a newfound planet 20 years away. Soon after they awaken from their stasis, however, things are happening one after another. First, the crew learns that two of the crew are not who they claim to be. Then, one by one, crewmembers die suddenly. Then, the ship begins to turn against them. And as if it couldn't get any worse, they find another mess on their hands and it is ugly.What was supposed to be a simple exploratory mission has become a struggle for survival in the depths of space. 20 years from home, they're all alone and no one can hear them scream.
 It was Meiji 38 (1905), the Russo-Japanese War that had begun since the previous year was getting hard. In this severe circumstance, they reorganized the Raimu Squad. The members of the Raimu Squad were the girls. They were just like other ordinary girls who went to schools and yearned for love, except that they had "Raimu."Inukai Tsuyoshiro was a young man who was newly chosen to be the leader of the squad. He was ambitious to fight for Japan.When the young man met the five girls, the new chapter of "Raimu" began.
 The Line Novel online service where users can publish novels online through the Line app launched on Tuesday. Two animated ads were released simultaneously with the launch.
 The anime shorts are set in the fictional Line Corporation with a motley crew of idiosyncratic workers. There is the narcissistic section head and president’s son James, the subsection head Moon(who is always gone somewhere but somehow gets his work done), the quiet but kindhearted subsection head Brown, and the subordinate Connie who is in an endless loop of yo-yo diets and weight gains.
  An artificial satellite falls to Earth in 2013, seriously injuring Hayase Kouichi. He awakens six months later with strange powers.Three years later, a giant robot called Linebarrel appears and Kouichi joins him to fight for Juda, the largest medical equipment supplier in the world.
 Featuring characters from NHN’s popular app such as Moon, Brown, Connie, James, Jessica, and Sally living happily together in Line Town.

 In the not-too-distant future, the human world has long been overpopulated. Humanity marched to the stars in search of a new home, and just as this was going on, the moon's alignment caused massive earthquakes to ripple across the world, lasting several decades. Humanity was demolished. When the land finally recovered, humanity reemerged to face this strange yet familiar world. Will we, who once lorded over this domain, still remain the masters of this world?

 In the world of Ling Yu(Spiritual Field), there is a continent named Chilan(Red Tide), where warriors and their Spirit Weapons are classified into different levels. Families and clans follow a strict hierarchy, too. Under the leadership of the Xuantian Union, human warriors and the Evil Clan have been engaged in brutal fights on Nether Battlefield for hundreds of years. A Soul-devouring Beast sneaked into the Chilan Continent through a crevice on the Nether Battlefield before it ruthlessly slaughtered the Feng Town and the Gao Town. Qin Lie, a young man from the Ling Town, together with Ling Yushi and Gao Yu whom he had grown up with, was commanded to help the Xuantian Union in the conquest of the Soul-devouring Beast. He did not anticipate that he would be swallowed into a great conspiracy. To protect his friends and to rescue the one he loves, the powers hiding in his veins are awakening.
 Qin Lie have to guard Tang Siqi, regardless of the differences between them, and Liang Shanyan, while the strange powers coursing through his veins are beginning to slowly awaken. When Qin Lie vows to protect the instrument of sovereign, at the same time, seven Evil Clan's Lords are appearing on the field. While the most powerful secret weapon is emerging from the altar, the enemy intend to seize Qin Lie's life...
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Yuuta Segawa, a college student, suddenly becomes the guardian of his three nieces in place of his sister and her husband. The eldest niece, Sora, is a 14 year old middle school student with semi-long brownish hair decorated with a ribbon. The middle niece, Miu, is an elementary schoolgirl with blond pigtails.The youngest niece, Hina, is an angelic 3 year old attending daycare. This at-home romantic comedy illustrates the chaotic but heartwarming lives of these four characters in their tiny one-room apartment.
 Yuuta Segawa, a college student, suddenly becomes the guardian of his three nieces in place of his sister and her husband. The eldest niece, Sora, is a 14 year old middle school student with semi-long brownish hair decorated with a ribbon. The middle niece, Miu, is an elementary schoolgirl with blond pigtails.The youngest niece, Hina, is an angelic 3 year old attending daycare. This at-home romantic comedy illustrates the chaotic but heartwarming lives of these four characters in their tiny one-room apartment.
 Yuuta Segawa, a college student, suddenly becomes the guardian of his three nieces in place of his sister and her husband. The eldest niece, Sora, is a 14 year old middle school student with semi-long brownish hair decorated with a ribbon. The middle niece, Miu, is an elementary schoolgirl with blond pigtails.The youngest niece, Hina, is an angelic 3 year old attending daycare. This at-home romantic comedy illustrates the chaotic but heartwarming lives of these four characters in their tiny one-room apartment.
 Set in a world where the concept of music ceases to exist. The story begins when a boy encounters Myuu, a mysterious girl who possesses an audio input jack in her body. The two intermingle with the history of rock music and embark on an unforgettable journey.
 Set in a world where the concept of music ceases to exist. The story begins when a boy encounters Myuu, a mysterious girl who possesses an audio input jack in her body. The two intermingle with the history of rock music and embark on an unforgettable journey.
 The story starts of with 9 boys, all in the Hikari Club, who are driven to make the ultimate Artificial Intelligence, and will stop at nothing to create it. The leader of the club, Zera, is an attractive boy who is very sick and twisted. He has complete control of the members.The second-in-command and previous leader, Tamiya, is not happy with the way Zera is controlling everyone, so he tries to reclaim the club, and eventually everything begins to crumble and turn into chaos.
 Set in the United States wilderness around the end of the 19th century, Little Bear goes on exciting adventures and learns new things with his friends Emily, Duck, Hen, Cat, and Owl. Mother Bear is a homemaker who looks after Little Bear, while Father Bear, a fisherman, would typically be away on his ship, fishing.

 Riki was a child when his parents died, leaving him hopeless and depressed. What saved him was a group of four kids calling themselves the Little Busters. They took Riki out and played with him during his time of need.He really enjoyed being together with them, and his grief gradually faded away. Now in his second year of high school they still hang out, fight and live together, and enjoy their school life.
 Riki was a child when his parents died, leaving him hopeless and depressed. What saved him was a group of four kids calling themselves the Little Busters. They took Riki out and played with him during his time of need. He really enjoyed being together with them, and his grief gradually faded away. Now in his second year of high school they still hang out, fight and live together, and enjoy their school life.
 Riki and his friends have been managing to form a complete team for the Little Busters baseball team and after overcoming some of its new members' internal conflicts, Riki and Rin slowly approach the "secret of this world".Will they be ready for the truth? In this world devoid of logic, something has started to move and soon will come the time when the lives of the Little Busters will change forever.
 The main additions in “Little Busters! Ecstasy” are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya. The episodes will be bundled with the BD/DVD releases of Little Busters!
 The main additions in "Little Busters! Ecstasy" are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya.The 3 EX heroines' routes take place of the following
 Riki and his friends have been managing to form a complete team for the Little Busters baseball team and after overcoming some of its new members' internal conflicts, Riki and Rin slowly approach the "secret of this world".Will they be ready for the truth? In this world devoid of logic, something has started to move and soon will come the time when the lives of the Little Busters will change forever.
 There is distorted, deep blackness everywhere. That place, in which blackness swallowed everything and took away everything, has become known as the Avidya Zone. Strange beings assume the very form of the despair and chaos of humanity. They are known by this name
 Since her childhood, Su Xiao has been sidelined because of her frightening air. Now an actress, she unfortunately remains stuck in the roles of villains.One day, Xiao Jian , a recognized investor and actor, comes across a scene between Su Xiao and his manager, which is confusing. In order to silence him, Su Xiao signs a contract with him.
 Plot Summary
 In the world of Maburaho, everyone is born with the ability to use magic and are thus labeled magicians. However, the magical ability of each person is not equal. The number of times you can use magic determines the amount of respect you receive, and since one’s magical power is determined at birth by traits and genetics, those who have a bloodline stemming from famous magicians are highly sought after.Having the lowest magic count in Aoi Academy, Kazuki Shikimori is looked down upon by his classmates and seen as a nearly worthless magician. However, his bloodline consists of many great magicians throughout the ages, meaning that while he may not be a great magician, his offspring could be. This leads to him being sought after by three different young women
 Magician’s Academy revolves around Takuto Hasegawa, who attends a magic academy that is not marked on any map. During a summoning spell exam, he accidentally creates a girl named Tanarot, who happends to hold enough magical power to destroy his country, but fortunately Tanarot professes undying loyalty to her “creator.”
 The Mach 5 is one of the fastest and most technologically advanced race cars built by man. Equipped with various gadgets and a powerful engine, it provides a challenge for anyone who would dare race against it. The driver of this amazing vehicle is Gou Mifune, a teenager who dreams of breaking into the world of professional racing.In spite of this, Gou's father and the creator of the Mach 5, Daisuke Mifune, does not want his son anywhere near a racetrack. Undeterred, his girlfriend Michi, younger brother Kurio, and Kurio's monkey sidekick Sanpei become Gou's biggest fans as he sets out to become the greatest racer of all time.However, Gou soon learns that becoming a professional racer is not easy. From the underhanded plots of corrupt businessmen to stiff competition in the form of his rival, Racer X, Gou faces many obstacles on the road ahead, and has a lot to prove before he can cross the finish line.
 The Mach is a racing car loaded with a new engine "X" specially developed and built by a man named Kenich Hibiki who was a racing driver as well as a motor engineer. However, in a test driving made prior to its completion, he was involved in an accident and judged as dead. Meanwhile his father Daisuke who was watching the test driving all the way recovered the wrecked car as his son`s memento. A few years later the damaged car rebuilt by him revives as the new Mach which comes to participate in Grand Prix. This time, however, for the purpose to protect the driver from a possible accident, the new car is equipped with a safety system called "Safety Seven" with seven guarding devices. Also, it is loaded with the engine "X" that miraculously survived the tragic accident. Now its driver is Go, younger brother of Kenichi, who is determined to succeed to his brother`s will. In fact, he successfully participates in Grand Prix and keeps growing up to be a top racer of the world.
 The Mach 5 is one of the fastest and most technologically advanced race cars built by man. Equipped with various gadgets and a powerful engine, it provides a challenge for anyone who would dare race against it. The driver of this amazing vehicle is Gou Mifune, a teenager who dreams of breaking into the world of professional racing.In spite of this, Gou's father and the creator of the Mach 5, Daisuke Mifune, does not want his son anywhere near a racetrack. Undeterred, his girlfriend Michi, younger brother Kurio, and Kurio's monkey sidekick Sanpei become Gou's biggest fans as he sets out to become the greatest racer of all time.However, Gou soon learns that becoming a professional racer is not easy. From the underhanded plots of corrupt businessmen to stiff competition in the form of his rival, Racer X, Gou faces many obstacles on the road ahead, and has a lot to prove before he can cross the finish line.
 Awakening her dormant abilities as a devil one day, Yuuko Yoshida aka Shadow Mistress Yuuko, is entrusted with the mission to defeat the Light clan's shrine maiden, a magical girl, by her ancestor Lilith. Yuuko meets magical girl Momo Chiyoda through her classmate Anri Sada, and challenges her to a duel, but loses quickly due to her lack of strength.Since then, Yuuko has struggled with her role as a devil and her duel with Momo, and borrowed help from her regularly. However, by a strange coincidence, Yuuko also weakens Momo by taking away her power to cooperate in protecting the peace of Tama city.
 Awakening her dormant abilities as a devil one day, Yuuko Yoshida aka Shadow Mistress Yuuko, is entrusted with the mission to defeat the Light clan's shrine maiden, a magical girl, by her ancestor Lilith. Yuuko meets magical girl Momo Chiyoda through her classmate Anri Sada, and challenges her to a duel, but loses quickly due to her lack of strength.Since then, Yuuko has struggled with her role as a devil and her duel with Momo, and borrowed help from her regularly. However, by a strange coincidence, Yuuko also weakens Momo by taking away her power to cooperate in protecting the peace of Tama city.
 Second season of Machikado Mazoku.
 Second season of Machikado Mazoku.
 A boy with a drawing book meets a mysterious girl in the streets of Tokyo. They become friends and enjoy each other's fantasies.
 Because of the appearance of a villain team, Black Shadow, the international racing was ruined. To compete with Black Shadow, Saionji Racing Team was founded. They developed a racing car, Hayabusa. It was a super racing machine that carries hyper power engine, Cavalier Engine. The main driver of the team was Hayabusa Ken whose big brother was killed by Black Shadow.
 The journey of a robot prince begins! The planet Cronos is a world of super-robotic lifeforms, ruled by the wise Master Kirai. But their peaceful existence is shattered by the conquering armies of the Gandora robots. Now, machine combats machine in an epic battle for the planet. Master Kurai's son, Rom, must lead a company of transformable mecha warriors into the fray!
 During the early 20th century, along with technological advancements, scientists were able to develop sophisticated magic. The combination of science and sorcery was Makinot, circuits made from spells that were put into objects to bring them to life and even gain a personality. It was developed as a military weapon and has now spread throughout the world.Akabane Raishin is now attending the Royal Academy to become the best in the world. Accompanied by the lovely teenage girl Yaya, who is actually Raishin’s puppet weapon, he plans on rocketing to the top of the class. However, his test scores come nearly dead last although his combat skills and determination are second to none. Raishin has to compete with the deadliest of classmates if he wants to come out as the king.
 The Walpurgis Royal Academy of Machinart was founded alongside the development of "Machinart," machine magic capable of giving life and intelligence to mechanical dolls subsequently called as "automaton." Its aim
 Original animation to be included in the BD and DVD volume releases of Machine-Doll wa Kizutsukanai. Volume 1
 Original animation to be included in the BD and DVD volume releases of Machine-Doll wa Kizutsukanai.
 2013
 Three unbroadcasted episodes of the Macross 7 series. In "Fleet of the Strongest Women," the Macross 7 fleet encounters a rogue Meltrandi fleet led by an old rival of Millia. "On Stage" focuses on Ray's past as a fighter pilot, how he first met Basara, and how they formed Fire Bomber. In "Which One Do You Love," when Millia falls ill, she feels her life expectancy is running short and attempts to have Mylene engaged to Basara.
 A series of 2-3 minute shorts revealing the everyday life of some characters, back-story of others, and the occasional music video. Originally included as extras on the Macross 7 VHS and laserdisc releases.
 Summary
 Macross Delta is set eight years after the events of Macross F.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Short episodes included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
 Less than a year after the events that transpired in the Macross 7 TV series, Basara leaves Fire Bomber and travels to the planet Zola. There, he meets a girl named Elma, who is a big fan of Fire Bomber. It is also on this planet where he must once again use his Spiritia powers; this time, to stop an army of poachers and Elma's father Graham from killing a group of space whales travelling within the planetary system.
 Half retelling of the original Frontier series, half new story. Conspiracies arise within the Frontier government when Sheryl Nome arrives to the colonial fleet for her concert and is soon marked as a spy for Galaxy while childhood friends, Alto Saotome and Ranka Lee both try to achieve their dreams as the battle between Frontier and the Vajra draws closer.This movie serves as part one of the Frontier retelling and will conclude with the second, The Wings of Goodbye.
 In 2059, five decades after the Space War I conflict seen in the first Macross story. Macross Frontier, the 25th New Macross Class super-long-distance colonization fleet, is journeying through the galaxy to a new paradise to call home. However, it is locked in a state of war with a strange enemy called Vajra.Macross FB7 is the 30th anniversary work of the Macross franchise.
 Flash Back 2012 is Minmei's farewell concert. Featuring some of her best songs, the music is performed over various scenes and events taken from Macross TV as well as Macross "Do You Remember Love". Also included is a newly animated closing sequence showing the launch of Misa's colony vessel, the Megaroad-01, into space.
  Macross Frontier marks the 25th anniversary of the Macross anime franchise. It is a direct sequel to the first Macross series and Macross 7 and follows the lives of Alto Saotome, Ranka Lee and a pop idol named Sheryl Nome on board the Macross Frontier colonization fleet. After the war against the Zentradi aliens, Humankind has spread across the universe in order to ensure its survival. The Macross Frontier fleet is part of a effort to spread and maintain the culture of humanity.
 Picking up from where the previous movie left off, Ranka's star career flourishes while Sheryl's health rapidly deteriorates after collapsing during a live performance. At the same time, separate factions are maneuvering behind the scenes seeking to control the Vajra horde by utilizing the singing abilities of the two songstresses. As the entire Macross Frontier fleet begins to wage the final war on the Vajra, Alto finally makes a choice between Ranka and Sheryl.
 A.D. 2089 - 80 years have passed since Space War I changed the lives of both human and Zentraedi races. Both races are at peace on Earth when a new alien race called the "Marduk" appear within the Solar System. While covering the first battle between the U.N. Spacy and the Marduk fleet, SNN rookie reporter Hibiki Kanzaki discovers Ishtar, an "Emulator" that enhances the Marduk's combat abilities through singing. Hibiki brings Ishtar to Earth to teach her the values of life and culture. Together with ace Valkyrie pilot Silvie Gena, Hibiki and Ishtar must find a way to save Earth from total destruction at the hands of the Marduk leader Ingues.
 A.D. 2089 - 80 years have passed since Space War I changed the lives of both human and Zentraedi races. Both races are at peace on Earth when a new alien race called the "Marduk" appear within the Solar System. While covering the first battle between the U.N. Spacy and the Marduk fleet, SNN rookie reporter Hibiki Kanzaki discovers Ishtar, an "Emulator" that enhances the Marduk's combat abilities through singing. Hibiki brings Ishtar to Earth to teach her the values of life and culture. Together with ace Valkyrie pilot Silvie Gena, Hibiki and Ishtar must find a way to save Earth from total destruction at the hands of the Marduk leader Ingues.(Source
 The year is 2040 and the galaxy is flourishing with several colonies and advanced technology. AI is near perfection and the current top idol is the near-completed Virturoid Idol Sharon Apple. All that is missing are her actual feelings, which instead are supplied by Myung Fang Lone. Sharon's debut concert is on planet Eden, where at the same time, fighter pilots Isamu Dyson and Guld Bowman battle over air superiority for the "Supernova Project." Isamu, Guld and Myung were once childhood friends, but after an accident seven years ago, they went their own separate ways. With Myung back in the picture, the old disputes are once again awakened. And when an unstable and illegal AI technique is installed in Sharon, the situation is worsened.(Source
 The movie recompiles scenes from the television anime with new scenes to tell a different story.
 Ichijou Hikaru is a Valkyrie pilot aboard the SDF-1 Macross, which is in the middle of a cosmic war against a race of giant humanoid aliens, the Zentradi. During the battle, he comes across the pop star Lynn Minmaywhose singing might be the only hope against the Zentradi's culture. But can she sing when Hikaru, her love is caught between the pop star and the Lieutenant Hayase Misa.
 Daizaburo Edi-Ban, a Japanese-American, joins New York City's toughest precinct, the 34th. On his first day he is partnered up with John Estes, called Sleepy by his friends and Mad Bull by his enemies, a cop who stops crime with his own violent brand of justice. Mad Bull makes no qualms about executing common thieves with shotgun blasts if they even pose a minor threat to him or anyone around them. Mad Bull also often steals from prostitutes and does incredible amounts of property damage while fighting crime. Mad Bull's unpoliceman-like behavior often puts him in hot water with his partner Daizaburo and the 34th precinct. However, despite how reckless or illegal these acts are, a good cause is always revealed (For example, Sleepy uses the money he steals from the prostitutes to fund a venereal disease clinic and a home for battered and raped women). Perrine Valley, a police lieutenant, joins Daizaburo and Sleepy later on to help them tackle more difficult cases involving the mafia and drug-running.Mad Bull 34 is inspired by the high-action buddy cop films of the '70s and '80s.(Source
 Daizaburo Edi-Ban, a Japanese-American, joins New York City's toughest precinct, the 34th. On his first day he is partnered up with John Estes, called Sleepy by his friends and Mad Bull by his enemies, a cop who stops crime with his own violent brand of justice. Mad Bull makes no qualms about executing common thieves with shotgun blasts if they even pose a minor threat to him or anyone around them. Mad Bull also often steals from prostitutes and does incredible amounts of property damage while fighting crime. Mad Bull's unpoliceman-like behavior often puts him in hot water with his partner Daizaburo and the 34th precinct. However, despite how reckless or illegal these acts are, a good cause is always revealed (For example, Sleepy uses the money he steals from the prostitutes to fund a venereal disease clinic and a home for battered and raped women). Perrine Valley, a police lieutenant, joins Daizaburo and Sleepy later on to help them tackle more difficult cases involving the mafia and drug-running.Mad Bull 34 is inspired by the high-action buddy cop films of the '70s and '80s.
 In times of war, set in Western Europe, Eleonora Viltaria, one of the seven Vanadis of Zhcted, leads the war into Brune. There are actually seven Vanadis, named like this because they each received a powerful weapon from the dragon, to reign over seven territories, each possessing their own. The power of the Vanadis causes dread and fear toward their enemies. An Earl in the service of the country of Brune, a young archer called Tigre, got a taste of it after he was defeated on the battlefield by Ellen (Eleonora). However, Ellen decided to spare his life after seeing his skills. In exchange, he is asked to serve her.
 In a fantasy version of Europe, a war between enemy countries is brewing. One of these countries, Zhcted, has its seven regions ruled by War Maidens, known as Vanadis. Equipped with powerful dragon-carved weapons, Eleonora "Elen" Viltaria, one of the Vanadis, launches an invasion against their neighboring rival country of Brune. Eventually, Tigrevurmud "Tigre" Vorn, a young archer and an earl for Brune's region of Alsace, has his entire army decimated at Elen's hands. In a strange twist of events, Elen spares Tigre, and gives him the order, "Become mine!" What could be the meaning behind this new alliance?Adapted from the light novel written by Tsukasa Kawaguchi, Madan no Ou to Vanadis is an epic adventure filled with complex war tactics and beautiful women. Trapped in a multinational conflict, Tigre and Elen are swept up in a war filled with dark secrets, conspiracies, and corruption.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Short Flash specials streamed alongside with the series.
 The enormous cave system, known as the Abyss, is the only unexplored place in the world. Nobody knows how deep down goes this titanic pit, inhabited by strange and wondrous creatures and full of mysterious ancient relics which purpose in unknown to modern man. Generations of bold adventurers have been drawn by the cryptic depths of the Abyss. In course of time those bold enough to explore the dangerous pit came to be known as "Cave Raiders."In Oosu, the town at the edge of the Abyss, there lives a little orphan named Rico, who dreams of becoming as great a cave raider as her mother was and solving the great mystery of the pit. One day exploring the murky depths she stumbles upon a little boy, who turns out to be a robot...
 First compilation movie of the TV series.
 First compilation movie of the TV series.
 Second compilation movie of the TV series.
 Second compilation movie of the TV series.
 Made in Abyss Movie 3
 Continuing their perilous descent down the Abyss, Riko, Regu, and newfound friend Nanachi reach the Abyss' fifth layer, The Sea of Corpses. Upon arriving at the research station known as Idofront, the main trio encounter the mysterious Prushka, the alleged daughter of Bondrewd, who leads them to the White Whistle responsible for Nanachi's dark past. Despite the welcoming appearances of Idofront's residents, Nanachi warns the young adventurers that things are not always what they seem. With the only route to the sixth layer shrouded in mystery and Bonedrewd's schemes awaiting them, what sacrifices must be made in order to continue the journey down to the bottom of the Abyss?
 Directly after the events of Made in Abyss Movie 3
 Plot Summary
 In the country of Gazth-Sonika, civil war rages. There, a mercenary called Madlax plies her trade, with almost supernatural skill. In the seemingly peaceful country of Nafrece, Margaret Burton lives a tranquil life. As separate as their lives may seem, the two are connected by ties of mystery, and by a holy book that is also sought by the shadowy organisation, Anfan. As Margaret and Madlax follow the path of their destiny, they come ever closer to uncovering the truth - with no guarantee that it is a truth they can bear to learn.
 In the future, the moon is a habitable place with atmosphere and gravity and also a famous tourist attraction. There are also stories about a "long ears" creature like rabbits on the moon who can use magic. Haruka Daichi heads off to the moon during a summer holiday alone because he likes to see the long ears creature by himself.However, he get himself dragged into an ancient conflict between two ancient moon races
 The anime centers on four girls at the full bloom of their youth, working hard to achieve their dreams as they struggle valiantly. In Japanese entertainment, Maesetsu! refers to an introductory talk or explanation addressed to the audience before the broadcast of television programs, usually performed by assistant directors and particularly comedians in variety or comedy shows.
 The anime centers on four girls at the full bloom of their youth, working hard to achieve their dreams as they struggle valiantly. In Japanese entertainment, Maesetsu! refers to an introductory talk or explanation addressed to the audience before the broadcast of television programs, usually performed by assistant directors and particularly comedians in variety or comedy shows.
 The artificial sun that lights the frozen planet La Metalle is dying, threatening to extinguish what little life is left there. Queen La Andromeda Prometheum decides that the only way for her people to survive is for them to submit to Hardgear's transformation process, which will turn everyone's body into machines. The Queen's daughters, Emeraldas and Maetel, refuse to submit to this process, and fight to stay human.
 The artificial sun that lights the frozen planet La Metalle is dying, threatening to extinguish what little life is left there. Queen La Andromeda Prometheum decides that the only way for her people to survive is for them to submit to Hardgear's transformation process, which will turn everyone's body into machines. The Queen's daughters, Emeraldas and Maetel, refuse to submit to this process, and fight to stay human.
 Two young people living in the Wahrheit Empire are planning to relocate to the capital city
 Plot Summary
 The second season will be set in Magnostadt.
 Three thousand years ago in the Moonlands, the evil Shadow Magi Agram was sealed inside the planet's Core by the Core Glyph and the Dreamstones which provided its power. Now he plans to escape by using his Shadow Geysers to weaken his prison in order to bring the Moonlands under his control, and only a Magi known as the "Final Dreamer" can stop him. A young boy from Earth, Tony Jones, is summoned into the Moonlands as he is believed to be this Final Dreamer. He joins forces with the apprentice Magi, Edyn, and the Shadow Stalker, Strag, on a mission to gather the Dreamstones before Agram is set free. Using the Book of Elders, the three travel through the Moonlands while combating the forces of Agram and gaining an ever-growing collection of Dream Creatures from the Moonlands that they visit.
 Bundled with the special edition of the third compiled volume of the Magi spin-off manga Magi
 It tells the story of Sinbad's early life, when he captured two of the dungeons.
 In the small, impoverished Tison Village of the Parthevia Empire, a boy, Sinbad, is born to the jaded ex-soldier Badr and his kind-hearted wife Esra. His birth creates a radiant surge throughout the rukh, a declaration of a singularity to those who stand at the pinnacle of magical might
 Aladdin, Alibaba, and Morgiana's adventures continue in the magical Kingdom of Magnostadt, a country ruled by magicians, and the Reim Empire, which is protected by the Magi Scheherazade.
 This story is about the flow of fate and the battle to keep the world on the right path. Aladdin is a boy who has set out to explore the world after being trapped in a room for most of his life. His best friend is a flute with a djinn in it named Ugo. Soon enough, Aladdin discovers he is a Magi, a magician who chooses kings, and he was born to choose kings who will follow the righteous path, battling against those who want to destroy fate. Follow his adventures as he meets others from 1001 Arabian Nights, like Ali Baba and Sinbad, and fights to keep the balance of world in check!
 The new heroine of Magia Record is Iroha, a magical girl on the hunt for her missing sister Ui in Kamihama. Also in Kamihama is Madoka, who's searching for the similarly-missing Homura.
 Rumor has it that if a young girl strikes a bargain with a white fairy, it will grant any wish her heart desires. However, in exchange, she will become a magical girl and must put her life on the line to slay fearsome and ferocious witches.Iroha Tamaki, a kind-hearted middle schooler from Takarazaki City, is living proof that these rumors are true. Armed with a magical crossbow and the ability to heal injuries, Iroha seeks out the labyrinths where witches hide and defeats them before they can prey on humans. Yet Iroha has no memory of her wish, and even Kyuubey, the white fairy himself, seems to have no idea what Iroha requested of him.One day, Iroha hears rumors of a city where "magical girls can be saved," and finds herself on a sunset train to Kamihama City. Unfortunately, she discovers that the witches in Kamihama are far more powerful than usual. After veteran magical girl Yachiyo Nanami is forced to save her, Iroha vows to never return. But when a chance encounter with a tiny Kyuubey seems to trigger distant memories, Iroha is compelled to investigate the mysterious city despite the danger.
 2nd Season of Magia Record
 Final season of Magia Record
 Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student whose father is often absent. When his father dies under mysterious circumstances, he is made aware of his father's secret identity; a famous international criminal known as International Criminal 1412
 Plot Summary
 Three young girls, Hikaru, Umi, and Fuu, are transported to a magical world called Cephiro during a field trip to Tokyo Tower. They are soon greeted by Master Mage Clef, who explains to them that they have been summoned to become the Legendary Magic Knights and save Cephiro. The girls are less than enthusiastic about this idea, and only want to return home. Clef further explains that they must seek out the three Rune Gods to help them fight. He bestows armor and magical powers to each of them. They learn from Clef that High Priest Zagato has kidnapped the Pillar of Cephiro, Princess Emeraude. The Pillar of Cephiro has the sole responsibility of keeping Cephiro alive and in balance with her prayers. Without Princess Emeraude, Cephiro would fall into ruin. Hikaru, Umi, and Fuu must fight off Zagato's henchman and find the Rune Gods if they ever want to get back home. They soon learn that friendship and loyalty are the only things they can rely on in the crumbling Cephiro.
 Plot Summary
 Soon after Hikaru, Umi, and Fuu return to Tokyo, the three of them meet at Tokyo Tower to talk. Hikaru says that she wishes they could return to Cephiro and do something good for the land that Princess Emeraude protected so dearly. Umi and Fuu agree. Suddenly, a light appears in the sky and they are transported to Cephiro. Clef explains to them that with no Pillar to keep Cephiro peaceful, it has fallen into chaos. Monsters are multiplying and the land is becoming desolate. All the remaining inhabitants of Cephiro have moved into a magical castle. Clef also tells the girls some alarming news; three other countries, Chizeta, Fahren, and Autozam are trying to invade Cephiro and take over the Pillar system for their own purposes. The girls must stop the invaders as well as the mysterious and evil Lady Debonair, who believes she is the rightful Pillar, all the while desperately hoping and searching for a new Pillar to make Cephiro into the beautiful land it once was.
 Plot Summary
 The Earth lies darkened and deserted. Despite the best efforts of the film's heroine, Hikaru, the evil-filled castle of Cephiro has taken over the world and stands in the center of a lifeless Tokyo. Before the ice-witch Alcyone can take her revenge on Hikaru, she is rescued by Lantis, a young man who seals her into a magical maze where she is challenged to prove her powers while her friends are hunted down by Cephiro's warlocks.Fleeing through the silent city, Umi and Fuu must seek out the sleeping Mashin; godlike creatures that will fuse with them to form giant warriors of awesome destructive power. But the Magic Knights are afraid, untrained and alone... will even the Mashin be enough to save them from the evil acts of Cephiro?(Source
 A world where art becomes magic. In this world, people who can inspire passion with their Magic Arts are called Artistas, and are employed in show business. In Hoshinomori Private Magical Arts High School, where Artistas are taught, a strange new student named Aikesaki Kohana transfers into the school. Kohana is placed on the planning committee for the school's yearly Hoshinomori Summer Festa cultural festival. She spends her romantic school life with six other boys who aim to become entertainers in the future and, alongside Kohana, to be the school's Artista Prince and Princess, only chosen once a year.
 When Jack and Annie find a Tree House full of books in the middle of the forest, they never imagined it would also transport them to any time and place on Earth. Now they're learning just how dangerous the past can be!
 An alien lifeform, in the shape of a bell, descends to Earth. Although the entire world's military hasn't been able to defeat it, it doesn't seem like it's trying to bring anything bad to Earth. Round 'Bells' about the size of a small house appear in the normal world, and they adjust themselves to regular life; waiting for a traffic light before crossing the street, waiting in line at the supermarket, and so on.The students in the Magic User's Club don't believe that it's as innocent as it seems, and the club president goes off, together with his vice-president, and their three new members to defeat this Bell - not to mention that half of the members aren't even able to fly yet!
 The aliens have been defeated, and the Bell has been transformed into a gigantic cherry tree. Now, the brave Magic User's Club must reconvene to deal with a new problem. Apparently, some inconsiderate persons left a skyscraper sized cherry tree in the middle of Tokyo, and it's become a major inconvenience to everyone in the city. Even though they have no idea who could have done such a thing, the Club feels strangely responsible and springs into action. Meanwhile, a mysterious person is spying on the magic club in the form of a small boy.(Source
 One sunny day invaders came from space. They weren't little green men or funny girls wearing school uniforms, though. They were ugly robots which defeated the UN forces in seconds. After that the invaders (known as "eyeballs") roamed around and observed human society. In fact, they were peaceful unless attacked. They were polite and followed all the traffic laws, too. Still, they were aliens and the people of Earth wanted them to go home. The Kitanohashi High School Magic Club took it on themselves to defeat these foul robots and free the world.(Source
 A baby princess named Ocean is sent away from the North Pole by her mother because of the tyranny of the magma dragon who controls the volcano. The next twelve years, Princess Ocean lives on a local island and encounters a transforming polar bear whom she names Roly Poly. And she talks to a duo of little fish. While encountering the pirates, she meets an inventor named Momo. Their plan is to subdue and defeat the magma dragon.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 After the events of the Lost Logia case, Nanoha waits patiently for the day she can reunite with her newfound friend, Fate. Although being an exceptionally powerful mage, Nanoha spends her days normally with her friends on Earth. But peace is once again suddenly shattered, as Nanoha is without warning attacked by a powerful mage. A group of violent mages have been attacking anything with magic power for their own goals. Nanoha and Fate, along with their friends Yuuno, Arf, Chrono and the Space/Time Administration Bureau must once more band together to stop these renegade mages from hurting anyone or anything else. Takes place after the first season of Lyrical Nanoha.
 Plot Summary
 The series stars Hat, the descendant of a hero who fought an evil king and sealed Devildom. Hat falls into Devildom and finds he has to defeat the evil king.
 Taruto is a little cat who has just moved to a new city with her master's family. Taruto spends her days making friends and exploring her new home town. She also has a knack for getting herself into trouble. And it turns out that Taruto just might be a legendary magical princess. Almost none of Taruto’s friends believe that she can use magic or that she’s a princess, but Taruto is determined to prove it to them. But Taruto's magic is so unpredictable, you never know what's going to happen when she uses it.(Source
 Taruto is a little cat who has just moved to a new city with her master's family. Taruto spends her days making friends and exploring her new home town. She also has a knack for getting herself into trouble. And it turns out that Taruto just might be a legendary magical princess. Almost none of Taruto’s friends believe that she can use magic or that she’s a princess, but Taruto is determined to prove it to them. But Taruto's magic is so unpredictable, you never know what's going to happen when she uses it.
 In a future not too distant from ours, Nanagoo City is a beautiful city in Japan surrounded by mountains and ocean-sides. The sensitive, adolescent girls who live there are each opening up doors to their own, unique possibilities. No one wants to forget the path they take to adulthood.
 Magical Taruruto-kun is a magical boy, fighting, and comedy TV show based on the manga of the same name by Tatsuya Egawa which ran in Weekly Shounen Jump.
 Kanon spin-off OVA bundled with vol. 22 of the Kami nomi zo Shiru Sekai manga.
 Kanon spin-off OVA bundled with vol. 22 of the Kami nomi zo Shiru Sekai manga.
 Ayumi Mamiya is a witch cursed to lose her powers but there is one boy who can break the spell and save her. Haruo Yoshikawa thinks he is a normal boy but unknown to him his three sisters are witches who use their magical powers to keep him protected and ignorant about the existence of magic. Now Ayumi must wake up Haruo’s latent powers to save herself but his sisters will have none of that.
 Ayumi Mamiya is a witch cursed to lose her powers and only one boy can break the spell. Haruo Yoshikawa thinks he is a normal boy but unknown to him his three sisters have magical powers and keep him protected and ignorant about the exsistence of magic. Now Ayumi must wake up Haruo's latent powers to save herself but his sisters will have none of that.
 2005
 The alien invader Goa plots to conquer the Earth. He first warns the Murakami family (father Atsushi, mother Tomoko, and son Mamoru) of their invasion, and demonstrates his powers by transporting them to a prehistoric jungle and destroying a Giant Dinosaur before their very eyes. But they will not agree to surrender to Goa, so hope comes in the form of Magma, an armored, golden giant with long hair and antennae. He and his human-sized wife Mol, both created by the wizard Earth are sent to defend our world against Goa. They befriend Atsushi and Mamoru, the latter has Magma emotionally touched, as he wanted to have a child with his wife Mol, so Earth creates a duplicate of Mamoru, named Gam Earth gives Mamoru a whistle, with which he can call Gam Mol and Magma in times of crisis. So when Goa unleashes his various daikaiju, chances are, Magma, Mol, and Gam will fly to the rescue.
 The alien invader Goa plots to conquer the Earth. He first warns the Murakami family (father Atsushi, mother Tomoko, and son Mamoru) of their invasion, and demonstrates his powers by transporting them to a prehistoric jungle and destroying a Giant Dinosaur before their very eyes. But they will not agree to surrender to Goa, so hope comes in the form of Magma, an armored, golden giant with long hair and antennae. He and his human-sized wife Mol, both created by the wizard Earth are sent to defend our world against Goa. They befriend Atsushi and Mamoru, the latter has Magma emotionally touched, as he wanted to have a child with his wife Mol, so Earth creates a duplicate of Mamoru, named Gam Earth gives Mamoru a whistle, with which he can call Gam Mol and Magma in times of crisis. So when Goa unleashes his various daikaiju, chances are, Magma, Mol, and Gam will fly to the rescue.
 Dr. Kazuki, who perceived of an invasion of Earth by the Izaru people builds a robot based on the science of magnetism and sphere joint theory. Undergoing a dangerous augmentation process, Dr. Kazuki's daughter Mai becomes the pilot of "Mighty" or "Magnetman Minus". Takeshi Houjou becomes the pilot of "Puraiza" or "Magnetman Plus". The pilots would hold each other and then physically trasform their joint bodies in a metallic plate locking itself on the Gakeen (Short for "Gathering Keen") robot's frame thus enabling the super robot to move and fight. This sequence was notable, to an adult's eye, for its almost-sexual connotation.
 Plot Summary
 Vesper is a secret agency fighting an army of alien invaders by using super-powerful battle androids. Mahoro is Vesper's most powerful battle android and has won many battles, but she has little operating time left and soon will cease to function. However, if she lays down her arms and conserves her remaining power, the time she has left can be prolonged to just over a year. Mahoro is given an opportunity to live the remaining time she has as a normal human. She chooses to live as a maid for Suguru, a phenomenally messy middle school student who lives by himself after his family passed away.(Source
 Plot Summary
 As the relationship between Mahoro, Suguru and his classmates develops further, another android girl enters their lives and becomes attached to Mahoro. All the while, the number of days before Mahoro is to shut down decreases steadily.(Source
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Mint is a girl who happens to be the princess of the world of dreams and magic. The natural environment of her world is a reflection of the dreams of the people on Earth. It is now in danger as people lose faith in their dreams and let darkness enter their hearts. The environment of Mint's world is starting to wither and die.On her 12th birthday, after a gala celebration with her father the King and her mother, she agrees to go to the world of humans to try to preserve people's hopes and dreams, and to prove that she has the qualities necessary to be a wise ruler. Her father arranges for her to stay with his sister, Mint's aunt Herb, who runs a gift shop on Earth called "Happiness Shop".
 Yumi is a girl who likes flowers and comics. When Kakimaru and Keshimaru, flower fairies, see Yumi in trouble, they decide to help her. They tell Yumi that flower fairies give magic tools to children who take care of flowers. Kakimaru and Keshimaru, which sees Yumi's pure affection towards flowers, decide to give her a magic cane and a pendant. By using the cane, any pictures she drew in the air takes form and becomes real. However, once the pendant starts to flash, there are only 30 seconds left before the power of the magic disappears. Yumi always tries to use her magical power in a good manner, but she is hasty and goofy. As a result, her magic often causes a big trouble around her. This is the fourth series of Magical Girl Series.
 Momo is the princess of Fenarinarsa, a land of dreams that is getting further and further from Earth. She is sent to help the Earth regain faith in its dreams. To assist her are her friends Sindbook, Mocha, and Pipiru and her magic wand that transforms her into an adult. She's ready and willing to help anyone she can in order to make their dream come true, no matter what happens.
 Miho Shinohara is a care-free third-grader and an aspiring manga artist. One day, she encounters Mogu and Pigu - two lost fairies disguised as stuffed animals. In exchange for staying at her home until they find a way to return to their own world, the fairies give Miho a special sketch pad and pencil that enable her to magically create real objects from what she draws. With the pen, Miho can also transform into Lala, a beautiful teenage girl created from her manga art. As Lala, she is discovered by a talent agency, and so begins her adventures from an ordinary school girl to a model to an idol singer.
 Miho Shinohara is a care-free third-grader and an aspiring manga artist. One day, she encounters Mogu and Pigu - two lost fairies disguised as stuffed animals. In exchange for staying at her home until they find a way to return to their own world, the fairies give Miho a special sketch pad and pencil that enable her to magically create real objects from what she draws. With the pen, Miho can also transform into Lala, a beautiful teenage girl created from her manga art. As Lala, she is discovered by a talent agency, and so begins her adventures from an ordinary school girl to a model to an idol singer.(Source
 Kozuki Mai is an elementary student who wants to be a magician and perform in her family's "Magicarat" magical act; however, she is too young, and her magic skills are not very good. Then one day, she encounters a ball of light that was put into a stuffed doll of flying squirrel, bringing it to life and somehow giving her the power to turn in to the 18-year-old magician "Magical Emi." As Emi, Mai was able to join the magic act. But she must keep her identity a secret from her family and from her crush.
 An OVA that both summarizes and continues the Mahou no Star Magical Emi TV series.
 Creamy Mami is about a young girl, Yuu, who after seeing a spaceship is given the power to use magic for one year. She is also given 2 cats, Poji and Nega, to watch over and guide her. Using her magic powers to transform into the idol Creamy Mami, Yuu must work hard at acting, singing, helping her parents at their crepe shop, fighting aliens and bad guys, going to school, plus try to get the affections of her childhood friend Toshio.
 The first 45 minutes is a recap of the original series and the remaining 40 minutes has a new story.Two months after Creamy Mami's final concert, rumors began to spread that Mami was making a come back, and if that wasn't surprising enough, Tachibana starts a "Project M" and that seems to have something to do with Mami's come back. As word of Mami's concert reaches the public, Yuu dosen't belive it. Yuu, Megumi, Toshio, Midori, Kidokoro make a plan to get to the bottom of it.
 Shingo is planning the film "A Story of Two Worlds" starring Megumi. Yuu's transformation into Creamy Mami is happening without her wanting it. She is asked to star in the film too. But the magic doesn't last...
 11-year-old Persia has grown up alongside the animals on the Serengeti plains of Africa. Twins Riki and Gaku Muroi and their grandfather, Gouken, bring Persia to Japan with them, where she will live with a couple (who Persia calls Mama and Papa) that own a grocery store. During the flight to Japan, Persia finds herself in the "Lovely Dream" where she meets the Fairy Queen, who explains that the Lovely Dream is in danger and requests Persia's help. Giving Persia a magical headband (which can also summon a magical baton) that allows her to transform into a teenage girl, connecting her to the Lovely Dream and allowing her to use magic. She is sent with three kappa back into the regular world with the mission of collecting love energy to thaw the frozen Lovely Dream. If Persia fails her task of collecting love energy or if someone catches her using magic, Riki and Gaku will be transformed into women.
 Plot Summary
 An animated feature film based on the Negima! Magister Negi Magi manga.
 Plot Summary
 Before the beginning of the series, three OVAs were produced for the sole purpose of introducing the characters. The first two were released on DVD bundled with two drama CDs, with the third being sold separately. It is unknown if these will ever be released outside of Japan.The first OVA is a re-enactment of the first chapter, where Negi first learns of his job as a teacher and is introduced to the students of Mahora Academy 2-A. It ends with profiles of the Baka Rangers (Asuna, Makie, Yue, Ku Fei and Kaede) as well as Ayaka. Asuna is the only girl in the class that doesn't have romantic feelings for Negi.The second OVA is a re-enactment of the "love potion" incident of chapter 2, with profiles at the end of Nodoka, Konoka, the cheerleaders (Misa, Madoka, Sakurako) as well as Kazumi.The third OVA is a re-enactment of chapter 13
 OVA episodes that are bundled with the limited edition of the manga volumes 23-25. First episode to cover chapters 176 and 177 of the manga. Second episode to cover chapters 178-180. And third episode to cover chapters 182 and 183.
 Plot Summary
 Millie is thrown to Barry, the son of her mother's best friend in the name of helping her with her poor grades. She is totally at a loss while Barry is pondering over how to drive her away. In this way, the two who do not know each other and are different in character are forced together for a long time to come. Kabedon? Sleep in the same bed? Isn't it a simple co-living for tutoring?
 Rokujou Miharu is a boy who has a hijutsu (hidden technique) living inside of him. This hijutsu is the power of creation. Many ninja clans are seeking it as the one who possesses it becomes the ruler of the ninja world. Rokujou’s classmate Kouichi started a nindou (“Way of the Ninja”) club at school with Kumohira, his English teacher. Both Kouichi and Kumohira are secretly ninjas. They tried to persuade Rokujou to join the ninjutsu club. At first, he was reluctant, but after being attacked by group of ninjas trying to get his hijutsu, he joins. He must become the Ruler of Nabari in order to survive.
 Silent, apathetic yet mischievous, 14-year-old Rokujou Miharu is the bearer of the hijutsu, "Shinrabanshou", a powerful technique many ninja clans desire to possess to become the ruler of Nabari. Fellow classmate Kouichi and his English teacher Kumohira are both secretly Banten clan ninjas, pledging themselves to protect Miharu from his many attackers. Keeping apathetic, Miharu attempts to reject their invitation to join their ninja ‘club’ however, after numerous attacks; he finds no choice but to join their group as a means for his survival. Slowly, Miharu takes a step closer to becoming the ruler of Nabari.
 Two years have passed since the Great War. Akito and Yurika have vanished. The Jovians and the Earthlings have joined forces and Ruri is now captain of Nadesico B. As the popularity of Boson Jumping grows, a vast transportation network has been developed. Dubbed the Hisago Plan, this network of Chulip portals holds the answers to the mysteries behind Bose particles and their power. If those secrets should fall into the wrong hands, it could mean big trouble. And big trouble there is. A Martian splinter group has launched an offensive, leaving the United Forces befuddled and desperate. So much so, in fact, that the former crew of the Nadesico is called back to active duty for a special unsanctioned mission-to save us all. Does this menagerie of misfits have what it takes? Who will win the race for the Boson technology? And what the heck happened to Akito and Yurika?
 In 1889, the world is on the pinnicle of great discoveries in technology. In mankinds grasp for the future, a sinister foe known only as Gargoyle, obsessed with restoring the former Atlantean empire to the glory it once held, begins his plans to take over the world. Nadia, with the help of a young inventor, Jean Ratlique, and Captain Nemo of the submarine Nautilus, must fight to save the world from Gargoyle and Neo-Atlantis. Based on the Novel ’20,000 Leagues Under the Sea’ by Jules Verne.

 Pero, a sword-wielding cat-in-boots sentenced to death for sparing a mouse, escapes his execution and embarks on a journey. Along the way, he teams up with a company of bandit mice and Pierre, a gentle orphan who has been cheated out of his inheritance.When Pero learns that Princess Rose is seeking a husband, he becomes determined to make sure that Pierre is the one chosen. However, Princess Rose is forcibly betrothed to the wicked ogre Lucifer! Pero begins to spin a web of lies to enthrall Rose with Pierre, but Pero's boasts are far from the truth. Pierre has to keep up with Pero's bold image of him but is frightened, because while Princess Rose is charming, loving her means going against the Devil's wishes.
 Pero, a sword-wielding cat-in-boots sentenced to death for sparing a mouse, escapes his execution and embarks on a journey. Along the way, he teams up with a company of bandit mice and Pierre, a gentle orphan who has been cheated out of his inheritance.When Pero learns that Princess Rose is seeking a husband, he becomes determined to make sure that Pierre is the one chosen. However, Princess Rose is forcibly betrothed to the wicked ogre Lucifer! Pero begins to spin a web of lies to enthrall Rose with Pierre, but Pero's boasts are far from the truth. Pierre has to keep up with Pero's bold image of him but is frightened, because while Princess Rose is charming, loving her means going against the Devil's wishes.
 Risa is a girl with no experience in romance. Meanwhile, a boy named Touga is the most popular student in Risa's school year. Even though the two have had no contact with each other in the past, they find themselves at school at the same time one night.
 Nagato Yuki, the shy president of the literature club, has never been very sure of herself around other people. But around Kyon, the only boy in the tiny, three-person club, Yuki finds herself faltering even more than usual. For Kyon, and for her precious club, Yuki must find her confidence and let her true personality shine!
 Nagato Yuki, the shy president of the literature club, has never been very sure of herself around other people. But around Kyon, the only boy in the tiny, three-person club, Yuki finds herself faltering even more than usual. For Kyon, and for her precious club, Yuki must find her confidence and let her true personality shine!
 Extra episode of Nagato Yuki-chan no Shoushitsu bundled with the limited edition of the 9th manga volume.
 Long ago, humanity lived in the sea. But the humans who longed for the land left the sea behind. They cast aside the special raiment they’d been given by the sea god that let them live in the ocean. The thinking of the sea humans and the land humans became as separate as the places they lived, and as countless time passed, they forgot they were once one people. This will change as the land-dwelling human Tsumugu Kihara befriends four girls who live in a village at the bottom of the sea.
 Long ago, all humans lived in the ocean. But some who longed for the land abandoned the ocean, casting off the special raiments granted to them by the sea god to adapt them to life under the sea...Though mankind was divided into sea dwellers and land dwellers, each with different ways of thinking, they were all still fellow humans, and they continued to maintain contact as time went on.Sakishima Hikari, Mukaido Manaka, Hiradaira Chisaki, and Isaki Kaname live in an undersea village, while Kihara Tsumugu lives on land.When these middle school second-year land and sea dwellers meet for the first time, their hearts begin to undulate like the tides.The youthful fantasy tale of these young people's lives unfolds in a strange and beautiful world.
 Based on Ken Kitashiba & Yasuhiro Watanabe's political intrigue detective manga.

 2006
 Tsubomi is a little girl who is in the process of growing up. The show follows her as she discovers many things about life, she likes a boy for the first time and for example learns where babies come from when her mother is pregnant again.
 Najica Hiiragi, perfumer and secret agent, is sent out on a number of recovery missions to round up rogue humaritts, androids with combat abilities. Najica is assigned a humaritt partner, Lila, whom Najica is to groom as an agent and receive assistance from along the way. As Najica grows to accept Lila, each new mission they embark on reveals more and more about the capabilities and mysterious origins of the humaritts.
 Najica Hiiragi, perfumer and secret agent, is sent out on a number of recovery missions to round up rogue humaritts, androids with combat abilities. Najica is assigned a humaritt partner, Lila, whom Najica is to groom as an agent and receive assistance from along the way. As Najica grows to accept Lila, each new mission they embark on reveals more and more about the capabilities and mysterious origins of the humaritts.
 Iride Akatsuki has unlocked hidden content in the game he's playing, 'Nakanohito Genome,' and it turns out that this content is a real-life game!He soon wakes up to find that he has been kidnapped and taken to a strange place, along with a number of other teammates. Each of them specializes in a certain sort of game, like cultivation games, fighting games, puzzle games, etc.A llama-headed 'teacher' gathers them after level 1 is cleared to explain how the game will proceed.Will this group of gamers succeed, and make it back to their real lives?
 Iride Akatsuki has unlocked hidden content in the game he's playing, 'Nakanohito Genome,' and it turns out that this content is a real-life game!He soon wakes up to find that he has been kidnapped and taken to a strange place, along with a number of other teammates. Each of them specializes in a certain sort of game, like cultivation games, fighting games, puzzle games, etc.A llama-headed 'teacher' gathers them after level 1 is cleared to explain how the game will proceed.Will this group of gamers succeed, and make it back to their real lives?
 An original story included with volume 10 of the Nakanohito Genome [Jikkyouchuu] manga.
 An original story included with volume 10 of the Nakanohito Genome [Jikkyouchuu] manga.
 Miyo Sasaki, nicknamed "Muge" meaning "infinitely mysterious," has a bright personality and is full of energy at school and at home. She is also in love with her classmate Kento Hinode. Miyo tries repeatedly to get Kento's attention, but he takes no notice of her. She realizes that the only way to get close to him is to transform into a cat, but at some point, the boundary between herself and the cat becomes ambiguous.
 Miyo Sasaki, nicknamed "Muge" meaning "infinitely mysterious," has a bright personality and is full of energy at school and at home. She is also in love with her classmate Kento Hinode. Miyo tries repeatedly to get Kento's attention, but he takes no notice of her. She realizes that the only way to get close to him is to transform into a cat, but at some point, the boundary between herself and the cat becomes ambiguous.
 The stage is Sapporo, Hokkaido. One night, our heroine, Minare Koda, spills her heartbroken woes to a radio station worker she meets while out drinking one night. The next day, she hears a recording of her pitiful grumbling being played live over the air. Minare storms into the station in a rage, only to then be duped by the station director into doing an impromptu talk show explaining her harsh dialogue. With just one recording, the many eccentric facets of Minare's life begin to pull every which direction as she falls ever deeper into the world of radio.
 The pain that everyone cannot escape when living
 My Demon Tyrant And Sweet Baby 2
 My Demon Tyrant And Sweet Baby 3
 My Demon Tyrant And Sweet Baby 4

 Nanaraki
 As soon as he entered high school, the first year student Koshiyama Shiki was invited to the mysterious Quiz Study Group led by his senpai. What will Shiki run into when being dragged along by his class mate Mari into the dazzling world of competitive quizzes?!
 In 2099, Earth has shifted off its axis and begins to rotate at an angle of 90% to the 20th-century equator. Three years of natural disasters follows, and when things settle down, Earth's ten billion population has died and only two million moon colonists remain.Some return to begin the repopulation of the world in seven new cities and the remaining colonists of the moon fear that their former neighbors might pose a threat and construct a ring of defensive satellites to trap them on the newly repopulated homeworld.
 Seventeen-year-old Nanaka Kirisato is a high school student serious about her studies and goals in life. She frequently criticizes her best friend, Nenji Nagihara, for being a childish delinquent who spends his time fighting other boys. Then one day, after a heated argument with Nenji, she falls off a flight of stairs and suffers a brain injury, resulting in her mind reverting to that of a six-year-old. With this in mind, Nanaka’s father and Nenji must keep her injury a secret as she struggles to live a normal life and grow up all over again.
 Nanako is a an inept apprentice nurse to the brilliant young Dr. Kouji. Now for some reason, Nanako is always being targeted by various elements which makes Nanako wonder if she has done anything wrong. But there are certain secrets to Nanako's past that only Dr. Kouji and his family know about.
 Nanako is a young girl who unexpectedly acquires supernatural powers and at the same time loses her past memory. By accident, a scientific genius called Marlow, is present when she acquires her powers. Marlow is an industrious high school boy with extraordinary ambitions. He talks to Nanako into joining his detective agency by promising to help her regain her memory. Nanako innocently believes him, but Marlow's real intent is to use her powers to benefit his agency and himself.The story unfolds as Nanako encounters a variety of dangerous missions and mysterious events, but her natural sunny disposition helps her through all the incidents as she solves each mystery one after the other.
 Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House.
 Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House.
 Michi and her family have just moved into the Happiness House, a huge tree with all sorts of little buildings and houses built on and inside of it. Upon exploring what is to be her new bedroom, Michi finds an odd nut-like object. Before long, a strange creature, Nanami-chan, hatches out of it. The two become fast friends. Together, Michi and Nanami-chan learn all kind of new things, and everyday they meet more eccentric residents of the Happiness House.
 Nanaraki
 Set in the same timeline as Sin
 Set in the same timeline as Sin
 Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Nanatsu no Bitoku.
 Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Nanatsu no Bitoku.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The Seven Deadly Sins travel to a remote land in search of the phantom ingredient "sky fish." Meliodas and Hawk end up at a "Sky Palace" that exists above the clouds, where all the residents have wings. Meliodas is mistaken for a boy who committed a crime and is thrown in prison. Meanwhile, the residents are preparing a ceremony for defense against a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But the Six Knights of Black, a Demon Clan army, arrives and removes the seal on the beast in order to threaten the lives of the residents of Sky Palace. Meliodas and his allies meet the Six Knights of Black in battle.
 In search of a mystical ingredient known as Sky Fish, Meliodas and Hawk stumble upon a spring that suddenly transports them to the Sky Temple

 Tristan, the son of Meliodas and Elizabeth, inherits the power of the Goddess Clan and can heal people's wounds and injuries, but he often ends up hurting others due to his inability to control his Demon Clan power. To protect his family, Tristan heads to Edinburgh Castle and meets a host of new friends along the way.
 Tristan, the son of Meliodas and Elizabeth, inherits the power of the Goddess Clan and can heal people's wounds and injuries, but he often ends up hurting others due to his inability to control his Demon Clan power. To protect his family, Tristan heads to Edinburgh Castle and meets a host of new friends along the way.
 After the Kingdom of Liones faces a new threat, the Seven Deadly Sins split up in order to defeat an enemy force spanning Britannia. With their members divided, they face 3 powerful foes, attempt to rescue the lost part of a dear friend, and begin their rescue of Elizabeth.However, all is not quite as it seems. Along the way, the truth of what brought the end of the Holy War 3000 years ago is uncovered, causing old friends to come face to face against each other.Nanatsu no Taizai
 After the Kingdom of Liones faces a new threat, the Seven Deadly Sins split up in order to defeat an enemy force spanning Britannia. With their members divided, they face 3 powerful foes, attempt to rescue the lost part of a dear friend, and begin their rescue of Elizabeth.However, all is not quite as it seems. Along the way, the truth of what brought the end of the Holy War 3000 years ago is uncovered, causing old friends to come face to face against each other.Nanatsu no Taizai
 The new season in the Nanatsu no Taizai series.
 The new season in the Nanatsu no Taizai series.
 Despite repelling the demon invasion of the Kingdom of Lioness, the war is far from over, for Arthur's Kingdom of Camelot is still being occupied by the demon army and the surviving members of Jikkai. However, in order to begin counter-offensive, the Nanatsu no Taiza needs all of its members. Unfortunately, King and Diane are still hiding in the Fairy King's Forest, where they are made to discover the strange history of Jikkai.
 Despite repelling the demon invasion of the Kingdom of Lioness, the war is far from over, for Arthur's Kingdom of Camelot is still being occupied by the demon army and the surviving members of Jikkai. However, in order to begin counter-offensive, the Nanatsu no Taiza needs all of its members. Unfortunately, King and Diane are still hiding in the Fairy King's Forest, where they are made to discover the strange history of Jikkai.
 New Nanatsu no Taizai series.
 The Seven Deadly Sins, along with Elizabeth Liones and Hawk, have won the Kingdom of Leones back from the Holy Knights. At long last, it's their time to indulge in the peaceful lives they fought for. From inedible meat pies, overdue battles, unexpected stalkers, and the butterflies of first love, the Sins are accompanied by their friends in their carefree, fun-filled time together. However, the calm is broken with the premonition of a new threat, bringing upon the signs of Holy War and threatening to shatter the peace of the Sins' easygoing days.
 Nanami Simpson is a young girl. Her mother dies when she is young, and she goes to live with her father, Scott Simpson, on board a marine research vessel, the Peperonchino. Her father is a marine biologist, and he is in search of a creature known as the glowing whale. When he finds the bones of one of these, he is saddened, and resolves to change his mission toward preserving and caring for the creatures. Nanami befriends an Orca which she names Tico, and she goes swimming with it every day. Eventually, she learns to breathe underwater which astounds her father. Nanami nearly drowns one day, and one of the glowing whales saves her from certain death and returns her to the vessel, where her father finally gets to see it.
 Nanami Simpson is a young girl. Her mother dies when she is young, and she goes to live with her father, Scott Simpson, on board a marine research vessel, the Peperonchino. Her father is a marine biologist, and he is in search of a creature known as the glowing whale. When he finds the bones of one of these, he is saddened, and resolves to change his mission toward preserving and caring for the creatures. Nanami befriends an Orca which she names Tico, and she goes swimming with it every day. Eventually, she learns to breathe underwater which astounds her father. Nanami nearly drowns one day, and one of the glowing whales saves her from certain death and returns her to the vessel, where her father finally gets to see it.
 Tsuwabuki is a normal student, though not very social. One day he meets a new transfer student, named Sumomo Akihime, and another girl, both the only members of the gardening club. Tsuwabuki is forced by a teacher to join this club. But then he bumps into a strange guy with dog ears, switching his drink with they guy’s by mistake. Drinking it, he is turned in a stuffed animal. The teacher tells him that the only way to turn back to normal is to find the chosen girl and let her catch the seven stardrops. This girl is Sumomo, who agrees to help him, though she’s not allowed to know the animal’s true identity.
 A super exciting action comedy starring the inmates and guards of the world's most formidable prison.
 The second part of Nanbaka. The prisoners and their guards continue their comfortable lives at Nanba Prison. However, from the shadows emerges a new threat
 A super exciting action comedy starring the inmates and guards of the world's most formidable prison.
 Seitarou Tanabata is all fired up for his first teaching job at a high school But Nanba Building 13 High School l is filled with delinquents. The students are troublemakers and even the teachers are odd. Seitarou is already bullied by 4 students in the 3rd year, class 13 on his first day. Then, the number 1 troublemaker, Hajime Sugoroku, returns after serving his suspencion. Can Seitarou ever become the teacher he always wanted to be?
 The second part of Nanbaka. The prisoners and their guards continue their comfortable lives at Nanba Prison. However, from the shadows emerges a new threat
 The children's anime revolves around Velonica, a high-handed and ultra-selfish little alien girl on the Galaxy Network, who begins to cause havoc on Earth. After a “fated encounter” with an Earthling boy, Velonica wavers between a possible budding romance with the boy and her dedication to the arts.
 17-year-old Ichirou Satou is an average teenager who always happens to find himself in perverted situations with his teacher, Kana Kojima. Follow this erotic love comedy about their mishaps throughout their daily lives and how Ichirou and Kana choose to handle them.
 17-year-old Ichirou Satou is an average teenager who always happens to find himself in perverted situations with his teacher, Kana Kojima. Follow this erotic love comedy about their mishaps throughout their daily lives and how Ichirou and Kana choose to handle them.
 Unaired episode included with the Blu-ray box set.
 Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog.In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists.He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change.
 Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog.In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists.He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change.
 Nanocore is a science fiction Chinese cartoon in 3D. The stage of the story is established on a fictional planet Birthigin. In this young planet, humanity will never stop longing for a bright future despite reason and fear. In revolutions and evolutions, humanity keeps challenging the Creator, and which eventually induces contractions intensified. People choose to wake up and struggle for their own ideals. They end the peace and angers sweep the whole planet, resulting in outbreak of the crisis known as Purple Fog.In time of humans facing their odds of survival, the plan N.S.P led by the elite keeps frustrating until NanoCore's involving. It brings the plan his birth. As the existence, that the elite thinks should lead the development of human weapons, however, he breaks shackles of fate, and arrives at a land where faith no longer exists.He learns to make choices and grows up with them, and the dim future of Birthigin thus begins to change.
 Comedy episodes focusing on the strange daily life of characters from Nanocore.
 The story follows Black.inc, the three Soyogi sisters who live in space.
 During her summer holiday at her grandparents house Tamai Shiina, a young and cheerful schoolgirl, meets a strange looking creature. They befriend each other and Shiina names it "Hoshimaru
 Naruto Uzumaki, a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja, lives in Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf village. Moments prior to his birth, a huge demon known as the Kyuubi, the Nine-tailed Fox, attacked Konohagakure and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the Kyuubi's rampage, the leader of the village, the 4th Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto. Shunned because of the presence of the Kyuubi inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village. He strives to become the Hokage of Konohagakure, and he meets many friends and foes along the way.
 After a rousing game of hide-n-seek with Konohamaru, Naruto and the gang are on the next big mission. Their task is to escort the beautiful actress Fujimi Yukihime to a far off mountain where the sequel to last summer's mega box office smash hit movie is being filmed. Upon their arrival, ghosts show up and try to scare everyone anyway from the movie set. Everyone is confused why they would want the movie to stop being made; so Naruto and the gang vow to find out who is behind the scarings and capture them.
 Naruto, Shikamaru, and Sakura are on a mission to return a lost pet, BUT in the middle of their journey an enigmatic boy knight commands a group of temu people to attack them. Because of the hard battle, the 3 get all roughed up. In a final effort to end the battle Naruto goes all out on the Temu people, but then falls off of a cliff with them. Faced with a huge moving fortress infront of him, Shikamaru has to rescue them. In order for Shikamaru to get a hold of the situation, he has to infiltrate the fortress. But in doing so, Shikamaru witnesses a frightening scene....
 Naruto, Kakashi, Sakura, and Lee are sent to protect a prince during his trip around the world and see that he returns safely to his home in the Moon Country. The Moon Country happens to be really rich and as such the Prince tends to buy anything his heart desires, during his travels the Prince would come across a circus group that features a rare Sabre-toothed tiger that he just had to have. So he purchased the entire group. Suddenly a mission to protect just the spoiled prince that hardly listened to anything said, turns in to a mission to look after animals and a prince that doesn't listen to what they say, and in the end somehow get them all back safely to their home country. All the while there are three mysterious Ninja wielding some frightening jutsu waiting for them. Why are they attacking them? What do they want with Team Kakashi!?!
 A contest is made by the Fifth Hokage called Jonin vs Genin. The point is to collect crystals for points, with the higher-ranked Chunin and Jonin holding crystals worth more points. The Genin have blue crystals, while the Chunin and Jonin have red crystals.The video shows various fights between the Genin and Jonin, which each instance ending in the Jonin unknowingly losing their crystal (or discarding it).
 Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures!
 Naruto Shippuden is a continuation of original series Naruto. After 2 and a half years of training with his master, Naruto finally returns to his village of Konoha. Naruto is now older and more mature than before. With his new trained ability, his goal of searching for long lost friend, Uchiha Sasuke, is set for a stronger determination than before.Naruto Shippuden is a continuation of original series Naruto. After 2 and a half years of training with his master, Naruto finally returns to his village of Konoha. Naruto is now older and more mature than before. With his new trained ability, his goal of searching for long lost friend, Uchiha Sasuke, is set for a stronger determination than before.He is putting his ambitions to work along with the help of his many friends, though with so many obstacles ahead of him. Now, he will face even more dangerous enemies, especially the Akatsuki.
 Demons that once almost destroyed the world, are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed, the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons, who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion, but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it, is to get away from Shion, which would leave her unguarded, then the demon, whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so, thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this prediction of death. Rising Sun Anime
 When a mysterious group of Shinobi make a surprise attack on Konoha, the village is left in ruins. Only then does it become apparent that another shinobi world war could become a reality. Meanwhile, Sasuke who left Konoha to avenge his clan by killing his brother Itachi, appears for a second time in front of his friends.
 Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order, Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi,Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire.
 Assigned on a mission to capture Mukade, a missing-nin, Naruto Uzumaki sets out for the once glorious historic ruins of "Ouran", where he pursues and corners the rogue ninja. Mukade's goal is revealed to be a dormant leyline within the ruins; he unleashes the power of the leyline, causing a light to envelop Naruto, sending him into the past, 20 years before the series began. When Naruto awakens, he comes into contact with the Fourth Hokage, His father, Minato Namikaze.

 After being captured for attempting to assassinate the leader of the Hidden Lightning Village (the Raikage) and killing Jonin from the Hidden Mist and Rock Villages, Naruto is imprisoned in Hozuukijo, a criminal containment facility also known as
 Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashed a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the leader of Konoha's ninja forces, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze, and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison, to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ends when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Nine-Tailed Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions. Naruto and Sakura are subjected to Tobi's Genjutsu, brought to an alternate world where many they know have opposite personalities while learning that Naruto's parents are alive in this world while Sakura's parents are dead.
 The moon is beginning to fall, and at the rate it's going, it is doomed to fall on the Earth. The countdown for the survival of the planet begins. Among the havoc, Hinata's younger sister Hanabi is captured by the mysterious enemy, Toneri Ootsutsuki. Naruto must overcome great danger on a mission to save Hanabi and the world along with Hinata, Sai, Shikamaru, and Sakura is their final story. "The final story is a first love."
 A comedy-filled filler with a plot revolving around the two Uchiha Brothers, Mangekyo Sharingan, chickens, and fried eggs.
 Naruto discovers a genie's bottle while he and the gang are at a genin grill party. When everyone finds out about the genie's ability to grant wishes, the ultimate chase begins.
 Naruto, Shikamaru, and Sakura are executing their mission of delivering a lost pet to a certain village. However, right in the midst of things, troops led by the mysterious knight, Temujin, attack them. In the violent battle, the three become separated. Temujin challenges Naruto to a fight and at the end of the fierce battle, both fall together from a high cliff. Furthermore, Shikamaru, having been left behind, beholds a giant moving fortress as it appears before his very eyes. In order to get a grasp on the situation, he infiltrates the fortress by himself, however once there he witnesses a frightening sight...
 Naruto, Kakashi, Sakura, and Lee are sent to protect a prince during his trip around the world and see that he returns safely to his home in the Moon Country. The Moon Country happens to be really rich and as such the Prince tends to buy anything his heart desires, during his travels the Prince would come across a circus group that features a rare Sabre-toothed tiger that he just had to have. So he purchased the entire group. Suddenly a mission to protect just the spoiled prince that hardly listened to anything said, turns in to a mission to look after animals and a prince that doesn't listen to what they say, and in the end somehow get them all back safely to their home country. All the while there are three mysterious Ninja wielding some frightening jutsu waiting for them. Why are they attacking them? What do they want with Team Kakashi!?!
 Naruto Uzumaki and his squadmates, Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno, are sent on a mission to escort a movie crew on its way to film in the Land of Snow. They soon find out that they are accompanying a famous actress, Yukie Fujikaze, who persistently refuses to travel there, making the trip far more difficult than originally intended. After a surprising encounter with ninjas from the Land of Snow, Naruto discovers that there is more to Yukie than meets the eye.Dai Katsugeki!! Yuki Hime Shinobu Houjou Dattebayo! follows the group as they attempt to overcome the obstacles in the Land of Snow and unveil Yukie's true purpose there as well.
 The grandson of the 3rd Hokage, Konohamaru, finally has a crush on a girl, but he has a big problem she is soon to be moving away from the hidden leaf village. Konohamaru trying to make her stay seeks out the legendary crimson four-leaf clover, which is rumored to grant one wish.
 The genin of Konoha are having a sports day filled with races, obstacle courses and of course the relay and the prize is a paid vacation for the winner. Unfortunately Naruto and his stomach are getting him into trouble again.
 The genin of Konoha are having a sports day filled with races, obstacle courses and of course the relay and the prize is a paid vacation for the winner. Unfortunately Naruto and his stomach are getting him into trouble again.
 Naruto faces off against his old pupil Konohamaru in a tournament during the chuunin entrance exams.

 A group of ninja is planning to revive a powerful demon, and once its spirit is reunited with its body, the world will be destroyed. The only way to prevent this from happening is for Shion, a shrine maiden, to seal it away for good.Naruto Uzumaki is tasked to guard her, but one thing stops Shion from accepting his help
 Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order, Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi, Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire.
 Assigned on a mission to capture Mukade, a missing-nin, Naruto Uzumaki sets out for the once glorious historic ruins of "Ouran", where he pursues and corners the rogue ninja. Mukade's goal is revealed to be a dormant leyline within the ruins; he unleashes the power of the leyline, causing a light to envelop Naruto, sending him into the past, 20 years before the series began. When Naruto awakens, he comes into contact with the Fourth Hokage, Minato Namikaze.
 After being captured for attempting to assassinate the leader of Kumogakure, the Raikage, and killing Jounin from Kirigakure and Iwagakure, Naruto is imprisoned in Houzukijou, a criminal containment facility also known as the Blood Prison.The master of the castle, Mui, uses the ultimate imprisonment jutsu to steal power from the prisoners. In this place, something is aiming for Naruto's life. The battle to prove his innocence and uncover the truth has begun for Naruto and his friends.
 A routine rank-C mission turned into a full-blown battle as the Hidden Fall village is attacked by enemy ninjas. Now Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura must help the leader of the Hidden Fall, Shibuki, protect his village and show him what being a hero is all about.
 A routine rank-C mission turned into a full-blown battle as the Hidden Fall village is attacked by enemy ninjas. Now Naruto, Sasuke and Sakura must help the leader of the Hidden Fall, Shibuki, protect his village and show him what being a hero is all about.
 "Nasu
 Marion is a young schoolboy who prides himself on his adherence to a philosophy he calls "rationalism". Because of his disdain for emotional display, he ignores anything remotely akin to affection. But when he's entangled in a romantic affair with an older courtesan, his rationalism is revealed to be little more than a cover for his own emotional immaturity. Learning to love, Marion blossoms under his older lover's care but unfortunately, Marion has yet to learn the true price of the affair.
 Kaoru Tono heard a rumor
 Thirteen-year-old Yasaka is a boy staying at his grandfather's house during his summer vacation. One day he entered a store and met Arashi, a beautiful sixteen-year old girl working there. After trying to protect her from a man who claims to have been hired by her family to take her back by force, Yasaka ran away with her and now she stays at his grandpa's place with him. It didn't take much time for Yasaka to figure out that his new friend is far from an ordinary girl, as she possesses mysterious powers. The plot thickens when he finds a sixty-year-old picture of Arashi and another girl named Kaja, and to the surprise of all Kaja suddenly appears, and just like Arashi, her appearance hasn't changed at all since then.
 At a Shinto shrine in Shimoda, there is a large rock. It is said that if four close friends gather around the rock and all wish for the same thing, that wish will come true. As four friends, Natsumi, Saki, Yuka and Rinko, gather around the rock like they used to in their childhood, they soon find the rock can indeed grant people's wishes. With only a short amount of time before Saki is due to transfer schools, the girls spend a summer filled with magic.
 Natsumi, Saki, Yuka, and Ringo are best friends. They’ve grown up in an old agricultural town, experiencing everything together, both happy and sad. But one summer, they are visited by a miracle.
 Natsuki is the top female karateka in her high school. Beautiful and cheerful, she charms most people she meets. Most of the young men in her class would dearly like to be the object of her affection but she saves her passion for karate. Unfortunately, all the big ugly thugs she comes across want to fight her so she's always finding practical application for her karate skills. As the series continues and her opponents get grimmer, Natsuki learns techniques from Aikido and Judo and develops a special Ki energy blast that doubles the strength of her punches. She may not be able to smash walls like some of her opponents but her special N.G. Bomber usually sends her opponents flying.
 Natsume Takashi has the ability to see spirits, which he has long kept secret. However, once he inherits a strange book that belonged to his deceased grandmother, Reiko, he discovers the reason why spirits surround him. Containing the names of these spirits, a binding contract was formed between the spirits and the owner of the book. Now, Natsume is determined to free the spirits and dissolve the contracts. With the help of a spirit cat, his days are filled trying to return the names to these spirits.
 Season 5 of Natsume Yuujinchou.
 Special episode of Natsume Yuujinchou Go
 Two special episodes bundled in the fourth and fifth volume of the Blu-ray/DVD.
 The Obake Zukan series illustrates various monsters and spirits and explains why they are scary.
 Eva’s been hoping to hear from her dad for years. When she gets a part for her bike, she leaves school to find her dad-Don Wei. But right after she finds him the Earth team is off to race in the great race of Oban. Taking the name “Molly” Eva must prove that she can win-and make her dad recongize her.
 Eva's birthday has just passed, and she hasn't heard from her father. Despising the Boarding School she attends, she escapes using her Rocket Bike that she just completed. Taking on the alias "Molly," Eva sneaks with the Earth team to Alwas for the Great Race because the winner of the race gets any one wish granted. Little does the Earth Team know what danger awaits them...
 Lucifer, Satan, and the other five princes of hell are students at the Royal Academy of Diavolo, where they train to rule the Demon World. From following humans to falling in love, their individual quirks land them in interesting situations every single day! Will their antics get them expelled, or will one of these infamous brothers come out on top?
 Second season of Obey Me!

 In 2014, aliens revealed themselves to request trade with humanity. In exchange for limestone, they would provide a consciousness-controlled general-use robot known as an "Exoframe." Cheaper than an aircraft, tank, or firearm, and easy enough for anyone to operate, the "Exoframe" spreads change throughout the world in the blink of an eye...
 In 2014, aliens revealed themselves to request trade with humanity. In exchange for limestone, they would provide a consciousness-controlled general-use robot known as an "Exoframe." Cheaper than an aircraft, tank, or firearm, and easy enough for anyone to operate, the "Exoframe" spreads change throughout the world in the blink of an eye...
 A blog disproving the supernatural, co-run by NEET teenager Yuuta Gamon and his enthusiastic best friend Ryouka Narusawa, becomes the catalyst that would bring together a group of people who supposedly have nothing to do with each other.These individuals include high school fortune teller Miyuu Aikawa, who joins Yuuta to work on the blog; realist Sarai Hashigami, who is stunned when tragedy strikes his family; doujin artist Ririka Nishizono, who has an uncanny ability to predict the future with her art; black magic practitioner and local curse expert Aria Kurenaino and her ghostly friend; Shun Moritsuka, a seemingly childish otaku detective; and reporter Touko Sumikaze.As this unlikely group, bound only by the strings of fate, find their way to each other, they are confronted with murder and other events that are shrouded by the presence of the supernatural. They must band together to solve the mysteries interlacing the city and their lives.
 A tale of growing up in high school. High school students Taku and best friend Matsuno are figuring out what they would like to do with their lives when a girl named Rikako transfers into their school. Rikako is a smart, charming and sophisticated girl who had to move away from her urban surroundings, to a sea shore countryside village. But she has troubles of her own...
 Ocha-ken is a children's program about tea-dogs and tea-cats, each representing a different blend. The episodes are very short and geared to teaching the audience various values. The lesson, or moral of the episode is displayed at the end.
 Anime about the funny lives of the Greek gods up on Mount Olympus. Polon is the naughty daughter of Apollo. With her little cherub friend Eros, she interferes in various comical ways as she tries to show that she is fit to be a goddess. Her activities often misfire, getting her in trouble with some deity or other and causing chaos for gods and humans. Feeling neglected by her godly parent, she often assists him in his woman-chasing in the hopes of getting a new mommy.
 In the "one-of-a-kind samurai-general-reincarnated-as-a-canine comedy," Nobunaga perishes at Honnouji as in history, and reincarnates in modern-day Japan as a dog named Shinamon. Other Warring States era warlords such as Takeda Shingen eventually join him, also as dogs.
 The historical romantic comedy follows 17-year-old high schooler Sagara Yoshiharu who one day time-travels to the Sengoku period, where all the major Samurai lords are cute girls. Yoshiharu meets Oda Nobuna, the girl counterpart of Oda Nobunaga, and begins to serve her as a substitute of Kinoshita Tokichiro, who has been dead in the world.
 Eccentric and blunt, the walrus Hiroshi Odokawa lives a relatively normal life. He drives a taxi for a living, and there he meets several unique individuals
 Film which "reconstructs" the Odd Taxi TV anime and also depicts what happens after the TV anime's finale.
 In the year 2099, mankind has colonized parts of the Solar System thanks to the evolution of space travel. To venture further beyond what man has accomplished, the space vessel Starlight is launched. After rescuing a mysterious girl from a wreckage near the asteroid fields, the crew of the Starlight plot a perilous journey towards the Canopus system in search of the planet known only as "Odin" - the possible key to all forms of life.
 The anime centers on a Moai statue named Mowai-kun who is gloomy every day because it lives a dull life where it just watches the beach and the sun from atop a hill on an island. But one day Mowai-kun grows arms, and starts to dance. The anime will air within the Oha-Suta program's "Kyara-Suta" corner.
 We are now in the early 18th century, the Kyouhou era, when the merchant culture was flourishing. In Yoshiwara, the red light district of Edo, there is a popular courtesan with good looks and character, called Usugumo. She in fact is a daughter of a Christianized prostitute and Tokugawa Yoshimune (who was a real historical character and the 8th Shogun of Japan), but the power struggle in these times doesn't allow her to be with her father. Her fate is about to change when she meets the blond haired thief, Kikunosuke. With Kikunosuke, a doctor named Aoto Touichirou, who uses the yet unfamiliar Western medicine, and her pet cat, Kotetsu, Usugumo forms a thief group, the Kikugumi. In the meanwhile, a member of a mysterious group appears, aiming for Usugumo...
 In Edo during the mid-1800?s, fireworks maker Seikichi Tamaya and his friends struggle to live under the harsh frugality laws imposed by the strict city magistrate, which ban all luxuries, including fireworks. One day, a strange girl stops by Seikichi’s shop with an equally strange request
 In Edo in the mid-1800's, fireworks maker Seikichi Tamaya and his friends struggle to live under the harsh morality laws imposed by the strict city councilor, which ban all luxuries, including fireworks. One day, a strange girl stops by Sekichi's shop with an equally strange request
 This story takes place in Florida, USA. The main characters are the lovable members of the Andersons; each one has his or her own different characterstics which conflict and support the others'. By going through many events (meaningful ones as well as weird ones) together, the bond between them grows stronger and tighter.
 Milk-chan is a drooling, potty-mouthed baby who lives in an apartment with an obsolete robot named Tetsuko, a slug named Hanage, and an uncontrollable pet named Robodog. Whenever the President calls, Milk-chan and the gang rush to the scene to solve any type of problem - whether it's stopping a money counterfeiter hungry for Belgian waffles or counselling a school of drunk fish. At the same time, they have to avoid a nagging landlord, as they're six months behind their rent.
 Milk-chan is a drooling, potty-mouthed baby who lives in an apartment with an obsolete robot named Tetsuko, a slug named Hanage, and an uncontrollable pet named Robodog. Whenever the President calls, Milk-chan and the gang rush to the scene to solve any type of problem - whether it's stopping a money counterfeiter hungry for Belgian waffles or counselling a school of drunk fish. At the same time, they have to avoid a nagging landlord, as they're six months behind their rent.
 Morimura Aiko is a junior high school student who is short for her age. Her father went on a yacht ten years ago and his whereabouts remained in obscurity. Her mother, a designer for hats, left for Paris, leaving Aiko in the care of her uncle, Mr Fujinami. Aiko had a pet dog, Papi, but it died in a car accident. Around the same time, another dog, Spank, appears before her. Having gone through so many unfortunate events in her life, Spank's presence begins to brighten up Aiko's life and put a smile on her face.
 Does being the only guy in an all girl school sound like paradise? It might be, if the girls knew you were a guy, but to stay in school teenage pervert Banji can't let can't let anyone find out his chromosomes don't match. Banji's status conscious parents want him to go to a good school, but not enough to spend the money on a good co-ed school. Now, in addition to studying math and science, Banji has to learn how to put on a bra and makeup. His life has become a living hell. Not only is he at the bottom of the social pecking order, he must also got to conceal his inner-masculinity from the pretty classmate girl who's stolen his heart while avoiding the female bullies who threaten to expose his less-than-feminine charms in the locker room.
 In the mid-21st century, mankind has begun the exploration of space, and one company, Planet Catcher Corporation, has pioneered capturing asteroids and comets to mine the resources within them for use on Earth. On one such asteroid, Tortatis, lives 12-year-old Nanbu Ushiwaka - the only child ever to be born in space and survive.But survival itself is no longer guaranteed - a military satellite triggers a disaster during a operation to capture Halley`s Comet, and Ushiwaka and his fellow colonists must find a way to survive when both their country and their company abandon them. Can they escape before the nuclear reactor on the asteroid melts down? Or are they doomed to die as they lived, among the stars?
 Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef."
 Ultimate Menu and Supreme Menu square off in a cooking battle about dishes that promote longevity. For Supreme's Kaibara Yuzan and Ultimate's Yamaoka Shirou (who are father and son), this confrontation is more than strictly business
 The Oishinbo gang takes time off from the normal culinary wars to get involved with a political dispute about American rice imports. The economic conflict between a pushy US Senator from California and a nationalistic Japanese politician is further complicated by concerns about the cumulative effect of pesticide use in both American and Japanese agriculture.
 Hana now becomes a peer of the Ojamajo. When Majotourbillon's spirit revives, the witches now have to break her curse. From the help from Pao-chan, Doremi, Hana, and the other witches are able to defeat the curses.
 Na-i-sho is a 13 episode OAV series detailing the summer between the ~motto~ and the Dokkaan season. It is a bit more mature than the TV seasons, and looks to develop each of the five witches romantically. Hana is back to a baby, and the mahou shop is a bakery.
 At the end of the first season, Doremi and her friends all had to give up their witch powers and be normal girls again. This also meant that they couldn't see Majorika, Lala, and the fairies again. The MAHO-Dou was also deserted and the door to the Majokai was locked.The Queen, having seen all this through her crystal ball, secretly makes it so that Doremi and co. all end up heading into the Majokai again, with the excuse to return Majorika's hair dryer. However they end up stumbling into a garden, and one of the roses reveals a baby!The Queen tells the girls that they must raise the baby for a whole year. To help them, they receive newer and stronger witch powers than before! The adventure isn't over yet!
 One day Pop was out scavenging with Hana, and found a beautiful rose inside the Queen's garden. Curious, she picked the rose and brought it home. Unwittingly, that rose can cause all wishes to become true, whether good or bad. Good wishes will turn the rose white and bloom, while bad wishes will turn the rose black and wither. After a heated argument with her sister Doremi, Pop wishes that Doremi loses all her magic and be turned into a mouse. Hilarity ensues, as Doremi and the others try to put everything back to normal.
 Ojamajo Doremi

 The series is about a man named Kusaka who has a fascination for marshmallows. Kusaka gets involved in a relationship with an office lady named Wakabayashi, and the story focuses on their relationship in the workplace.
 Isaku never asked to be the daughter of a yakuza boss, but when her parents died in a car accident when she was 5, her gangster grandfather took her in and raised her as part of the clan. After years of being avoided by her schoolmates because of her family ties, Isaku is finally ready to make her high-school debut, live a normal life, and maybe even find love...until loyal family servant and Isaku's dedicated guardian, 26-year-old Keiya, enters high school right alongside her and vows to protect her from all of the above! Now she's got a chain-smoking, pistol-wielding knight-in-shining(?)-armor to deal with, and navigating high school besides? What's a young lady to do?!
 Yukiya Ayase is a gentle, kind hearted, and innocent university student. The only relative he has left, his cousin Tetsuo, betrays Ayase by selling him to the highest bidder in an auction with hopes of making an enormous profit to be able to pay off his debts. Somuku Kanou, a bad-tempered (though very rich) loan shark, comes to Ayase's rescue and buys Ayase for an impressive 1.2 billion. Kanou apparently knows Ayase from something that happened between them in the past, but Ayase cannot remember who Kanou is nor does he understand why he "saved" him. In a desperate effort to keep Ayase close to him, Kanou demands the debt be repaid in full and suggests the perfect way to do it
 Chitose-chan is a penguin who lives in Kyoto. Getting in touch with people and getting fed delicious food as she curiously walks around Kyoto streets is her favourite thing to do. The story features popular places in Kyoto like Kiyomizu Temple, Ginkaku Temple, and Gion from the Penguin's point of view. This is a short story about a penguin that is nostalgic and warm, curing and relieving the heart.(Source
 Recap of the first 12 episodes of Okoshiyasu, Chitose-chan.
 Bundled with the limited edition ninth manga volume.
 Ureshiko Asaba, 26 years old, married. Few people know the fact that she is a magical girl named "Agnes", and she is actually the guardian of the town where she lives. One day she meets Sayaka Kurenai, aka "Cruje", another magical girl appointed by the magic realm as the legitimate sucessor to her position, but Agnes is reluctant in letting her assume because she knows that Cruje has orders to erase the whole place, including its human inhabitants with the purpose of creating a new one. To complicate matters, Ureshiko must deal with the growing distance between her and her husband, Tamotsu, her crescent feelings for Tatsumi Kagura, a young man who is now living as a tenant in her home, and the fact that in the moment she ever kisses a common human, she would lose her powers forever.
 Demetrios, a timid and kind vase painter in Ancient Greece who dislikes sports and competitions, is one day forced to come up with a game to compete with the mayor of the neighboring town in order to save his village. While hiding inside a large vase outside his workshop, lightning strikes the vase Demetrios is in, transferring him to Tokyo, Japan, during the 1964 Summer Olympics.
 A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two.
 Nori Kamitsuki moved from Chiba to Gunma prefecture as he begins to attend high school. There, he has received a warning from his classmate that "No one comes back alive from Gunma," and found more negative information as he looked it up on the net. In the midst of confusion and extreme culture shock, he has gotten himself involved with Gunma's rivals, Tochigi and Ibaraki prefecture.
 The two are female teacher and her student... but they are engaged!?Nano is a popular teacher who is admired by students. Only Souji, a male student, gives her trouble. One day, someone she knows introduced her for an arranged marriage. Nano is worried at first, but later becomes frank with the man who she meets and is in a good mood. Later, she realized that he is Souji who disguised as someone else! Even though she rejects the arranged marriage, Souji still comes to pursuit her.Will Nano, the serious teacher, be able to reject Souji's love...?
 An apprentice shinigami (Japanese Death God), Risky, is determined to take Moe's life. However, Risky is magically joined with an apprentice angel, Safety, so Risky turns into Safety whenever someone says something nice. As an apprentice shinigami can only take someone's life when that person is really depressed, Risky has quite a problem taking Moe's soul, while dealing with Safety, who often cheers Moe up.
 An apprentice shinigami (Japanese Death God), Risky, is determined to take Moe's life. However, Risky is magically joined with an apprentice angel, Safety, so Risky turns into Safety whenever someone says something nice. As an apprentice shinigami can only take someone's life when that person is really depressed, Risky has quite a problem taking Moe's soul, while dealing with Safety, who often cheers Moe up.
 Hina Satou is a 13-year-old who loves figure skating and lives in a port town in Miyagi Prefecture. After losing her mother in the 2011 earthquake, she and her father are currently living in temporary housing. With sad memories of the earthquake and memories of a gentle mother, the cheerful Hina continues to move toward her dreams.
 Yuna and Akari are two high school girls with very different views on love
 In the future, mankind can no longer live on the ground due to intense radiation, both from the sun and from an abandoned nuclear plant. One day, a group of special police raided a religious cult compound, and after a fierce firefight two policemen found a winged mutant girl, with chains on her arms, barely alive. However, government scientists dressed in hazardous material suits immediately intervened and brought her back to a research facility. Realizing they were merely transferring her from one prison to another, those two policemen formulated a daring plan to set her free once and for all.
 In the future, mankind can no longer live on the ground due to intense radiation, both from the sun and from an abandoned nuclear plant. One day, a group of special police raided a religious cult compound, and after a fierce firefight two policemen found a winged mutant girl, with chains on her arms, barely alive. However, government scientists dressed in hazardous material suits immediately intervened and brought her back to a research facility. Realizing they were merely transferring her from one prison to another, those two policemen formulated a daring plan to set her free once and for all.
 The shorts tell the story of two twin princesses, Berry and Flora, whose mother died giving birth to them. The two grow up until their father chooses Berry to don the title of "Onaka Hime," or Stomach Princess, who is endowed with the power to heal the kingdom's citizens of illness and make its women beautiful through using BifiX 1000. Flora is disheartened at not being chosen, yet continues her studies. When it seems Berry is yet unable to use the powers of BifiX 1000 to heal a woman who is ill, Flora steals the product to try to do it herself. When Berry finds out what Flora is up to, she takes the product back before Flora has a chance to try to use it.
 Onara Gorou follows the everyday life of Gorou, the "most admirable of farts," as he solves problems in ways that only a fart can.

 A slice of life of high school girls in the early summer. Shiozaki Haruno is a 17-year-old girl who loves her motor cycle, HONDA’s Giorno. She lives in remote highlands and longs for a vivid life in a city.
  Hiromichi Kojima, the star batter of the Lycaons, heads to Okinawa to train and bring himself out of a slump. There, he meets Toua Tokuchi, a 134-kmph/83 mph pitcher and the undisputed king of a gambling form of baseball called “One Out.” At Kojima’s urging, Tokuchi signs up with the Lycaons. His contract differs form the usual, though, in that he gets 5,000,000 yen for every out he pitches, but loses 50,000,000 yen for every point he gives up.
 Toei Animation is producing the Jump Heroes Film double billing 3D films of Toriko and One Piece with original stories.
 This new TV special tells the two years of Luffy's training with Silvers Rayleigh in Rusukaina Island after the Battle of Marineford, which has never been told in the manga or TV anime. It also features a new villain named Burndy World who is known as "The Destroyer of the World" and has the power of the MoaMoa Fruit (its ability is still unknown). Luffy has to protect Boa Hancock from the new enemy who escaped from the level 6 of Impel Down. He is newly designed by the original creator of the manga, Eiichiro Oda.
 The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabaody. Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World, a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace, in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters.
 Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with only one goal
 The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest men in the world.
 A short prequel to One Piece Film
 Set over 20 years prior to the main One Piece story, this limited release OVA chronicles the confrontation between Gold Lion Shiki and Gold Roger as well as other events around the world around the time of the Pirate King's execution.
 The story of the Hand Island no Bouken special is set a little before the events of One Piece Film Z and depicts a major "Hand Island" incident during the New World storyline. The story is set at "Cannon Town" where a parent and a child work as craftspeople. The incident revolves around them and a commodore of a marine base. The special will also have a flashback scene to the story in the first chapter of the manga, but with new animation.
 Informed by the Thief Brothers his ship has been stolen by the Trump Kyoudai (Trump Siblings) who have set up base on Clockwork Island. Monkey D. Luffy, Captain of the Going Merry and aspiring Pirate King works with his crew - Usopp, Zoro, Sanji and Nami to battle their way up Clockwork Island to reclaim their ship.
 There once was a pirate known as the Great Gold Pirate Woonan, who obtained almost 1/3 of the world's gold. Over the course of a few years, the pirate's existence faded, and a legend grew that he disappeared with his gold to a remote island, an island pirates continue to search for. Aboard the Going Merry, Luffy and his crew, starved and reckless, are robbed of their treasure. In an attempt to get it back, they wreck the getaway ship, guided by a young boy named Tabio, who's a captured part of El Drago's pirate crew. El Drago's love for gold has driven him to look for Woonan's island, and thanks to Woonan's treasure map, he finds it. During this time, Luffy's crew have been split up, and despite their own circumstances, they must find a way to stop El Drago from obtaining Woonan's gold.
 20 years after his escape from Impel Down, the legendary pirate Shiki, the Golden Lion, reappears causing massive upheaval to the Marines. During his long seclusion, he was able to come up with a scheme to bring the World Government to his knees. On his way to execute the plan, Shiki crosses paths with the Straw Hat Pirates and becomes so impressed with Nami's knowledge of meteorology that he abducts her to forcedly enlist her into his crew. Luffy and the gang end up on a strange land populated with monstrous beasts as they desperately search for Shiki and Nami.
 When Luffy and friends stumble across a rumoured island hidden by clouds, there is much excitement. However, instead of hunting for treasure, the crew end up hunting for Chopper instead! And speaking of hunting, why are there 3 strange guys lurking on this island going after animals with horns? An action filled adventure awaits, and the island's true treasure is discovered. Forget Pirate King, what would you say about becoming the Animal King?
 After being chased by the Marine through a huge storm, the crew arrives at the harbour of Hannabal. After stuffing themselves - or rather Luffy - Nami's nose picks up on the smell of money. Drawn in by the prize money of 300.000.000 Beri, they decide to take part in the every few years happening everything-goes race to reach a certain destination - alive. On the night before the race they happen to make contact with Gasparde, an ex-Marine that is feared by other pirates and hated by the Marine; his gang; and Shuraiya Bascud, a headhunter that is more than he seems at first.After the night is over, the morning arrives and thus the beginning of their new Dead End Adventure.
 Luffy and crew go to an island searching for a legendary sword, said to be the most expensive in the world. Soon, attacking marines and beautiful maidens split the crew. Zoro betrays the crew to help an old friend, Luffy and Usopp wander through a cave, and the rest help a village fight marines. When Zoro defeats Sanji he takes the sacred pearls that are the only defense against the evil sword that will plunge the world into darkness.
 Luffy finds a glass bottle floating in the water with a map to Omatsuri Island and a notice saying he's been chosen among the 100,000,000 pirates of Grand Line to go there for adventure. Of course everyone smells something fishy except the only person that counts, Luffy.So they go. It would appear that there's nothing special about the island but suddenly a magical theme park, parade and chorus all appear before their eyes welcoming them. At the center of it all is the Baron Omatsuri. What secrets and dangers wait for them on the island?
 In tempest, Grand Line, Luffy and his gang got in a ship about to sink, and they found a big treasure box. They were delighted to open it, but what they found wasn't treasure but an old woman wearing a gold tooth. She was hiding in the box because the ship was sinking. She said if they would take her to her island she would give them the legendary treasure, Golden Crown. Thinking that they would get new treasure, they left for the island.When they arrived at the island, they heard someone singing a folk song, "The king of the sea, the golden crown...". And they learnt that the name of the island was Mecka Island, and that the building standing there was Mecka Castle.Suddenly Ratchet, the son of the old woman, appeared. He thought Luffy was the pirate who had kidnapped her, and he took her home without listening to her.But, they couldn't abandon the treasure. They thought there was a clue about the treasure in the lyrics of the folk song, and they began to look for the treasure. However, traps beyond their imaginations were waiting for them.
 A complete re-telling of the Alabaster Arc from One Piece TV series. Luffy and his pirate crew come to rescue a land in the midst of a civil war, due to a powerful devil fruit user.
 The movie is a retelling of the Drum Island arc with new music and animation. Vivi has been removed from the plot while both Nico Robin and Franky, who joined the crew after the Drum Island arc, have been added. The movie also has the Straw Hat's new ship, the Thousand Sunny. It has been stated that Oda will be creating a new character for this movie, Wapol's older brother, Mushul, who also appears to be a Devil Fruit user.

 This special will have the Straw Hats fight Foxy again in the New World on Nebulandia, an island that nullifies Devil Fruit powers.
 This is the 6th recap special of the Wano arc.
 Special that recaps the fight on the Skull Dome's roof between the Worst Generation and Kaidou and Big Mom.
 Yamato and Momonosuke look back on Oden's adventures and heroic actions throughout the world and in the Land of Wano. Yamato describes for Momonosuke all the joy and pain that his father went through during his days.

 Luffy and His 4 Crewmates' Big Adventure is a TV Special of the One Piece anime. It is an abridged retelling of the entire East Blue Saga, and will also animate several cover pages.
 The words that Gold Roger, the King of the Pirates, uttered just before his death excited the masses and the world has entered a Great Pirate Era! There is a group of young pirates who are about to set sail on the Grand Line. Monkey D. Luffy, a rubber man. Roronoa Zoro aka “Pirate Hunter.” Usopp, a sniper. Sanji, a seafaring cook. And “Cat Burglar” Nami. They, the Straw Hats, all place a foot upon a barrel and make their vows before their next journey across the great ocean. Luffy shouts “In order to be the King of the Pirates!” A decade ago in the Windmill Village... A little boy Luffy was enthralled with a pirate boss Red-Haired Shanks. But a group of mountain bandits shows up and makes fun of the pirates. “Why didn't you fight them?!” Luffy yells out angrily but Shanks says that it's nothing worth getting mad over. At that time, Luffy snatches the Gum-Gum Fruit from a treasure box and eats it and as a result, his entire body becomes rubber and he loses the ability to swim for the rest of his life! A few days later, Luffy is surrounded by the mountain bandits again and Shanks comes to help. “No matter what the reason, anyone who hurts my friends has to pay!!” Shanks and his pirate crew are incredibly strong and they beat down the mountain bandits. Higuma, the head of the mountain bandits, runs away kidnapping Luffy and heads for the sea. However, they encounter a local Sea Monster there and are attacked. Luffy is in a desperate situation... But again, Shanks saves the day. He outstares the Sea Monster and chases it away but in exchange, he loses his left arm... When Shanks leaves the village, he leaves his straw hat with Luffy. “Come bring it back to me someday! Once you've become a great pirate!” 10 years later, Luffy has grown up strong and he sets out for an adventure on a small boat. He again encounters the local Sea Monster for that fateful day. However, Luffy takes it down with a single blow of Gum-Gum Pistol. Luffy’s journey to become the King of the Pirates now begins!
 The story arcs aboard the Straw Hat Crew's first ship Going Merry (Merry Go in some adaptations) are recreated with brand-new animation, from Luffy and Usopp's fight and Robin's disappearance to the crew's final farewell to the ship. Going Merry is treated as another member of the Straw Hats as Luffy, Zoro, Nami, and the rest of the crew set sail for the legendary treasure, the One Piece.
 The special will revisit the childhood past of the three sworn brothers Luffy, Ace, and Sabo, when they all dreamed of becoming pirates. In addition, it will depict how Sabo originally came into the kingdom of Dressrosa (which was not depicted in Eiichiro Oda's original manga or the television anime), as well as his reunion with Luffy from his point of view.

 Prequel to One Piece Film
 Bartolomeo and Otama look back on Luffy and the Straw Hat Crew's adventures in the Land of Wano. Otama tells Bartolomeo about her meeting with Luffy, and the events leading up to the fierce battle with Kaido.
 A retelling of the Arlong Park arc, with new animation.
 Straw Hat Theater is made up of five shorts that aired alongside One Piece episodes 279 through 283 in October 2006. They are based on Oda Eiichiro's side comics that were drawn when he was given three sheets of blank paper by his editor and told to draw anything.The first short is about Chopper Man infiltrating the lair of the evil Dr. Usodabada. The second short is a news report on what food was like for the Straw Hats before Sanji joined the crew. The third short investigates the hypothetical situation of "if the Straw Hat Pirates were Obahan, who would be the strongest?" The fourth short is about the bosses of the Luffione, Zorocia, and Sanjino families fighting for control. In the fifth short, all of the Straw Hats are carefree monsters.
 While Luffy and his crew of Zoro and Nami are starving on their small boat, they are attacked by a large monster. Nami is taken away, while Luffy and Zoro wash up on shore. There they meet a young girl, Medaka, and learn of the sad history of the island. The evil Pirate Ganzack has taken away all the men in the village and enslaved them, including Medaka's father. Now Luffy, Zoro, and Medaka must infiltrate Ganzack's base in order to rescue the villagers and Nami.
 In this new action-comedy, everything about a young man named Saitama screams "AVERAGE," from his lifeless expression, to his bald head, to his unimpressive physique. However, this average-looking fellow doesn't have your average problem... He's actually a superhero that's looking for tough opponents! The problem is, every time he finds a promising candidate he beats the snot out of them in one punch. Can Saitama finally find an evil villain strong enough to challenge him? Follow Saitama through his hilarious romps as he searches for new bad guys to challenge!
 The seemingly ordinary and unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby
 The second season of One Punch Man.
 In the wake of defeating Boros and his mighty army, Saitama has returned to his unremarkable everyday life in Z-City. However, unbeknownst to him, the number of monsters appearing is still continuously on the rise, putting a strain on the Hero Association’s resources. Their top executives decide on the bold move of recruiting hoodlums in order to help in their battle. But during the first meeting with these potential newcomers, a mysterious man calling himself Garou makes his appearance. Claiming to be a monster, he starts mercilessly attacking the crowd.The mysterious Garou continues his rampage against the Hero Association, crushing every hero he encounters. He turns out to be the legendary martial artist Silverfang’s best former disciple and seems driven by unknown motives. Regardless, this beast of a man seems unstoppable. Intrigued by this puzzling new foe and with an insatiable thirst for money, Saitama decides to seize the opportunity and joins the interesting martial arts competition.As the tournament commences and Garou continues his rampage, a new great menace reveals itself, threatening the entire human world. Could this finally be the earth shattering catastrophe predicted by the great seer Madame Shibabawa?
 One Punch Man 2nd Season's commemorative recap special.
 Short anime specials include in the One Punch Man 2nd Season BD & DVD.
 Short anime specials included in the One Punch Man 2nd Season BD & DVD.
 Specials included in the BD & DVD releases of One Punch Man.
 Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man.
 Bundled with the tenth volume of One Punch-Man manga.
 Series of shorts that will tell stories of "three sisters raised in your (one) room."
 Second season of One Room.
 Unaired episode included with the Blu-ray release.
 Third season of One Room.
 Gabu and Mei, a wolf and a goat, meet by chance, developing a friendship that transcends the natural enmity between predator and prey. Gabu is tormented by his literally wolfish instincts and Mei only compounds his troubles. Mei's flock and Gabu's pack hover in the background poised to tear the two apart.

 The story revolves around Tomoya Mizuhara, a 13-year-old boy who suddenly gains a big sister when his father remarries. 17-year-old Ichika is a little strange, and her affection for Tomoya is rather overwhelming, if not scary. On top of things, Ichika’s friend Ruri is the ultimate sadist. Then there is Ichika’s big-breasted quarter-Japanese friend Marina.
 My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic.
 A continuation of Onegai My Melody.
  Kusanagi Kei, a high-school student living with his aunt and uncle, has an encounter with a female alien. This alien is revealed to be a new teacher at his school. Later, he is forced to marry this alien to preserve her secrets. From there, various romantically-inclined problems crop up repeatedly.
 We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World.
 We follow the daily events of Pac as he saves Pac-World. Together with his friends Cyli and Spiral, Pac and his buds face the issues of being teenagers while also protecting Pac-World from a ghostly army led by the evil Betrayus. Pac-Worlders do not want Betrayus and his ghostly minions returning from the Netherworld and wreaking havoc. So, President Spheros teaches Pac and his pals the legend prophesizing a round yellow Pac-Worlder rescuing the planet. Pac, the only round yellow citizen, is the man for the job. Each adventure follows Pac and his friends as they try to return the ghosts to Netherworld, saving Pac-World.
 Ginya Otonashi is a college dropout who works part-time for a pachislot publishing company while aspiring to become a novelist. One day, Ginya comes across a secret organization and gets pulled into a competition to become #1 in "Pachi Battle," which is all a part of the Slotseum, a pachislot competition.
 Original net animation prequel series produced in partnership with the Hi Evolution film series as a promotion for pachinko games
 "There was a time when Kaiju rose from the Pacific Rim only to encounter gigantic robots, Jaegers, built to fight them back. That time has passed. Now, Australia has been overrun by Kaiju, forcing the evacuation of an entire continent. Left behind, teenage siblings Taylor and Hayley embark on a desperate search for their missing parents, teaching themselves to pilot a battered, long-abandoned Jaeger to help in their quest and give them even the slightest hope of surviving."
 "There was a time when Kaiju rose from the Pacific Rim only to encounter gigantic robots, Jaegers, built to fight them back. That time has passed. Now, Australia has been overrun by Kaiju, forcing the evacuation of an entire continent. Left behind, teenage siblings Taylor and Hayley embark on a desperate search for their missing parents, teaching themselves to pilot a battered, long-abandoned Jaeger to help in their quest and give them even the slightest hope of surviving."


 A future where the continuity of history has broken off, a world of enormous ruins that continues endlessly. Oceans and continents have vanished, existing only within the archives brought up from the remains. Ura works in the Archive Excavation Department, which restores and analyzes the data left behind. One day, he finds a disturbing visual record...
 Palme is a puppet created by a man to care for his sickly wife. After her death Palme becomes paralyzed with sorrow, that is, until a woman being pursed happens to cross paths with Palme and his creator and ask them to deliver something precious to a sacred place called Tama. Palme, mistaking her for his masters late wife, accepts the request. This becomes his first step to becoming more human in order to understand his own feelings.
 The "cute and soft bread four-panel manga" centers around Minami, an air-headed girl who is starting high school and who loves eating bread for breakfast. Baked goods bring happiness everyday to her and her classmates the reliable Yuu, the pastry-baking Fuyumi, and the independent Noa.

 Panda-Z chronicles the misadventures of Pan Taron and his giant robot Panda-Z, as they battle the evil Skull Panda and his Warunimal forces.
 Panda Kopanda (Panda! Go Panda!) is a 30 minute movie made in 1972. Miyazaki created the original idea, the script, the layouts, and did key animation, and Takahata directed the film. The story is about a little girl, Mimiko, who was left alone while her Grandma was away. A 1973 sequel, Panda Kopanda
 It follows the story of a fairy named Mi who is sent to Planet Pandasia to warn the residents about a great evil that threatens to destroy Pandasia. She chooses a heroic panda named Toby to defeat Gold and Silver, two villains who want to collect the seven Beans of Power and rid Pandasia of its colorful, beautiful environment and replace it with a dark wasteland.
 Oz Bezarius, heir to one of the duke houses, has just turned fifteen. His life is rich and carefree, darkened only by the constant absence of his father. At his coming-of-age ceremony, however, everything changes. For no reason that he can discern, he’s cast into the prison known as the “Abyss”, only to be saved by a “chain” known as Alice, the bloodstained black rabbit. It is unknown why was he cast into Abyss, how does Alice factor into it all, and what does the organization known as “Pandora” want with him.
 Oz Bezarius, heir to one of the duke houses, has just turned fifteen. His life is rich and carefree, darkened only by the constant absence of his father. At his coming-of-age ceremony, however, everything changes. For no reason that he can discern, he’s cast into the prison known as the “Abyss”, only to be saved by a “chain” known as Alice, the bloodstained black rabbit. It is unknown why was he cast into Abyss, how does Alice factor into it all, and what does the organization known as “Pandora” want with him.
 XFLAG and Tatsunoko Production collaboration.The character Akubi originates from the 1969 Hakushon Daimaou anime, where the Akubi-chan character appears as the daughter of the titular genie character Hakushon. This October marks the 50th anniversary of the franchise.Meanwhile, Pandora is a "girl of wishes" from the Monster Strike smartphone game.XFLAG and Tatsunoko Production describe the anime as "battle entertainment for girls."
  The 11 year old Miyamoto Rebecca becomes the new teacher of a classroom which is full of weirdos. Despite her cute looks she’s a little beast and can be pretty sarcastic and offensive. The school is not safe anymore now that she’s in charge of a class and her students, Himeko, Ichijou, Rei and a white rabbit who took a liking to Rebecca help her to rough up the school and the neighbour-class with its teacher “ojiichan.”
 Paniponi Dash! special included in the DVD-Box.
 The 11-year-old Miyamoto Rebecca becomes the new teacher of a classroom which is full of weirdos. Despite her cute looks she's a little beast and can be pretty sarcastic and offensive. The school is not safe anymore now that she's in charge of a class and her students, Himeko, Ichijou, Rei and a white rabbit who took a liking to Rebecca help her to rough up the school and the neighbor with its teacher "ojii-chan."
 Pankun is a baby panda who was abandoned in a forest where pandas live. His favorite possession is an old mitten that was in the box with him when he was abandoned. Pankun loves bread, and his tummy rumbles whenever he sees the two pieces of bread, Shokupan and Koppepan
 A young woman begins receiving messages from an unknown number that claims to be her deceased father. Trying to uncover the truth, she stumbles upon a larger conspiracy involving the singularity.
 A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release.
 A special short included with the 5th DVD/BD release.
 Deijiko is the princess of the planet of Di Gi Charat. After reading a book, she is influenced to want to help everyone be happy. She leaves the castle and pretends to be a normal girl. She tries to make everyone happy by taking various jobs around the town and thereby making all sorts of new friends and inevitably, enemies.
 Legends speak of a Dark Tower with a race of dragons that awaits the command to arise and wreak havoc. At least Kyle used to believe they were only legends until his lady, Alita, is stolen by the Black Dragon!Now Kyle must form an alliance with Blau, a blue dragon, in order to rescue her before she becomes the catalyst for the Dark Tower's final program
 Limited edition episode included with pre-orders for the 13th and 18th light novel volumes.
 Munakata Mira is in love with his father, the famous Hollywood actor Munakata Kyousuke. Unknown to the public, both of them are father and son as well as lovers. When Mira turns 15 and enters high school, he faces trouble with his childhood friend falling in love with him. Also, finding out he is adopted only distresses him further. Then there's the problem of Kyousuke probably marrying a famous actress, whose son seems to have an interest in Mira.
 The story takes place one year after the OVA.Because of the previous war, Kabucki-cho was devastated, and the owner abandoned his lingerie pub, "Pallion," and opened "New Papillion" in Akihabara. During the war, Tsubomi, and her colleagues Anne and Shizuku lost their memories, and they began new lives in Akihabara.On the other hand, the Susano, aliens who were invading the Earth, appeared. They turned a UMA (Unidentified Mysterious Animal) into a monster and make it raid on Akihabara. Rama the cat made Tsubomi and her buddies retrieve their memories, and let them fight against the monster as Lingerie Soldiers.
 A beautiful therapist named Chiba Atsuko and a genius scientist Tokita Kosaku work for a psycho-medical institute. Tokita invented the DC-mini. It is an epoch-making device that brings them into a patient's dream and enables them to monitor the patient's inner world in order to cure him or her.However, one day, the device was stolen by someone. Since then the dreams of those concerned with the project have been attacked one by one, and something is starting to go terribly wrong. Chiba begins to investigate the matter, using another identity though. She becomes the Dream Detective Paprika who synchronizes with other peoples' dreams to remove their trauma. She rises against the dream terrorist who uses the DC-mini that is strong enough to destroy ones personality. But who is this criminal, and why commit these crimes? When the manipulated dream connects with the reality, an inner world no one has ever seen is revealed...
 In the near future, a revolutionary new psychotherapy treatment called PT has been invented. Through a device called the "DC Mini" it is able to act as a "dream detective" to enter into people's dreams and explore their unconscious thoughts. Before the government can pass a bill authorizing the use of such advanced psychiatric technology, one of the prototypes is stolen, sending the research facility into an uproar. In the wrong hands, the potential misuse of the device could be devastating, allowing the user to completely annihilate a dreamer's personality while they are asleep. Renowned scientist, Dr. Atsuko Chiba, enters the dream world under her exotic alter-ego, code name "PAPRIKA," in an attempt to discover who is behind the plot to undermine the new invention.
 In this sequel series, events continue four years after they left off in the first series. Papuwa-kun is a mysterious boy who lives on a new tropical island full of the same crazy creatures. Along with his maid, Liquid, and his new amnestic friend, "Rotarou", they lead nonsensical adventures as they try to evade and confuse the Ganma Army, Special Corps, and even the Shinsengumi from discovering Rotarou's real secret and taking him away.
 In this sequel series, events continue four years after they left off in the first series. Papuwa-kun is a mysterious boy who lives on a new tropical island full of the same crazy creatures. Along with his maid, Liquid, and his new amnestic friend, "Rotarou", they lead nonsensical adventures as they try to evade and confuse the Ganma Army, Special Corps, and even the Shinsengumi from discovering Rotarou's real secret and taking him away.
 Yukari is a typical high-school student who listens to her parents and attends school everyday. As she starts to question her way of life, she encounters a group of fashion design students who has a clothing label known as “Paradise Kiss”. The group needs to find a model to showcase their designs in an up-coming fashion show and decides to pick Yukari instead. Initially, Yukari was reluctant to be associated with this seemingly eccentric group, but eventually, she realizes that they are really nice people.Furthermore, their passion and enthusiasm to follow their ideals and dreams make Yukari realise that she has not been enjoying her life and this motivated her to pursue her own dreams.
 Yukari is a typical high-school student who listens to her parents and attends school everyday. As she starts to question her way of life, she encounters a group of fashion design students who have a clothing label known as "Paradise Kiss". The group needs to find a model to showcase their designs in an up-coming fashion show and decides to pick Yukari. Initially, Yukari is reluctant to be associated with this seemingly eccentric group, but eventually she realises they are really nice people. Furthermore, their passion and enthusiasm to follow their ideals and dreams make Yukari realise that she has not been enjoying her life and thus motivates her to pursue her own dreams. The story follows Yukari as she gets involved in the group and eventually falls in love with the leader, George.
 The Phantom Live movement was reborn in the near future as a result of the incredible saturation of hip-hop culture. Rappers wear accessories made of Phantom Metal, a metallic substance. They create illusions linked to their emotions through chemical reactions with their own DNA, driving young people insane with spectacular stage shows.At the Paradox Live event, held at the legendary Club Paradox, four teams competed for supremacy
 Parappa is just your ordinary talking dog; he enjoys spending time with his friends, listening to music, and going on adventures. Together with his friends, Parappa gets into many strange situations, all the while learning to navigate through life, get along with his friends, and pine for the girl of his dreams, Sunny Funny.Based on an equally quirky rhythm game, Parappa the Rapper boasts a unique flat style, blasts of color, and a string of strange but charming characters. Among Parappa’s friends are an anthropomorphized blue cat, lamb, and even a flower.Parappa's adventures range from the ordinary to the bizarre. He crosses paths with mischievous baddies, helps resolve questions of friendship and love, and even goes on trips through time itself. Nothing can change Parappa's positive outlook on life.
 The year is 2034 AD, humans and their synthetic creations, androids known as Boomer, coexist in Tokyo. In order to enforce the law on criminal Boomer, the A.D. Police formed a special operation organization calledBrunch.
 A secret unit of the AD Police, known as Branch, specializes in crimes involving humanoid robots called 'Boomers'. Branch officer Buzz must cope with having a Boomer for a partner, while officer Michaelson finds the line between human and robot to be a thin one. Together they serve to protect a world that is slowly deconstructing around them. Set in the Bubblegum Crisis universe.
 General of the Three Kingdoms, Kongming had struggled his whole life, facing countless battles that made him into the accomplished strategist he was. So on his deathbed, he wished only to be reborn into a peaceful world... and was sent straight to modern-day party-central, Tokyo! Can even a brilliant strategist like Kongming adapt to the wild beats and even wilder party people?!
 The principal character is 15-year-old Isabelle Laustin, other characters being her parents Leon and Marie, Isabelle's friends Jean and his sister Marie, and Isabelle's suitor, Captain Victor.When Paris is besieged and Napoleon III's army is defeated, Isabelle escapes to London, disguised as a boy, and engages in secret agent stuff.
 The story takes place in a future Akihabara where otaku culture has declined. Players play as a shopkeeper of an otaku shop. Together with the heroines who are in fact otaku girls, the shopkeeper start helping people claim their lost otaku memories back.
 Patarillo! is set in a society much like ours in most ways, with one decided twist. The manga on which it is based is one of the much-read works produced for adolescent Japanese girls that features a healthy proportion of gay men and beautiful teenagers aka bishounen (beautiful boys). Most of the action takes place in Marinera, the land of eternal spring, located somewhere in the South Seas. The country is a major producer of diamonds; they provide much of the basis of conflict in the anime series. They come from one of the most prolific mines in the world, owned by the king of Marinera, the vertically challenged but horizontally endowed boy-king Patarillo himself. The International Diamond Syndicate - a huge semi- criminal organization/ secret society dedicated to taking over the world`s entire diamond supply- wants that mine and will stop at nothing to get it. In the early episodes they send off a number of bishounen assassins to do in Patarillo, which necessitates his having a bodyguard, the English MI6 agent, Major Jack (`Bishounen-Killer`) Bancoran. Bancoran`s nickname doesn`t mean he shoots bishounen in cold blood. The soubriquet comes from the fact that no male under the age of 17 can resist his sexual fascination. This, to Bancoran`s eternal disgust, includes Patarillo himself. The action switches often from Marinera to MI6 headquarters in London (London seems to be an easy two hour`s flight from the South Seas) or Bancoran`s palatial condo in the suburbs of same. (MI6, be it noted, looks a lot like Fritz Lang`s Metropolis, while Jack`s `apartment` bears a passing resemblance to Randolph Hearst`s spread.) The action also goes into the past and future and out into space. Patarillo evidently gets around.
 Really wierd monkey Son Goku & his master Genjou Sanzou-Houshi look for Buddha’s Scriptures. Along the way, they encounter various people and have interesting adventures.
 Jane's mother dies when she is born, and her father, a rich English aristocrat, soon remarries to a woman with a son, William, who despises his new father and brother. George and Jane grow up with a dream to make a flying machine. George believes the distant Asian sands hold a secret
  In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots (“labors”) for use in a variety of functions
  In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots (“labors”) for use in a variety of functions
 The date is 2002, three years after the events of Mobile Police Patlabor
  In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots (“labors”) for use in a variety of functions
 A mysterious project, aimed at the destruction of Patlabor, progresses at the shores of Tokyo Bay. Detective Kusumi and Shinichiro go through a lot of trouble to investigate about the incident at Jounan. During that time, Shinichiro meets a university lecturer, Saeko. During their investigation, Kusumi and Shinichiro encounters "Monsters" at the reserves base who devours humans one after the other. Could these "Monsters" have anything to do with the assaults?It was confirmed that some "Monster" scales were left behind but the situation has changed. The police and defense force were dragged in and before long, before Shinichiro knew what was going on, Saeko turns up. A shocking truth was being revealed. A self-defense force was manouevering things in the shadow.As everything was getting more complicated, the "Monster" once again, lands on the shore of Tokyo Bay. For the sake of ending this sad war, Inguramu is started up.
 Paul is a young boy whose friend Nina is kidnapped by Belt Satan, the demonic ruler of another world. He daringly goes on a mission to rescue his friend. Pakkun, a plush doll with magic powers, aids him as they plunge into Belt Satan's dimension of living toys. Paul's journey is beset by many difficulties, but he also encounters a variety of delightful wonders.
 Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge lead him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group.
 Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge lead him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group.
 Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge leads him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind, and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group.
 Tetsunosuke Ichimura has always been upset about his short stature. After he sees his parents being murdered by a Choushuu assassin right in front of him, he vows with all his heart to become strong enough to take revenge on their killer. It is now 1864, the first year of Genji. Tetsunosuke, now 15, heads to the headquarters of the Shinsengumi with his older brother Tatsunosuke, looking to join the historical group to fulfill his dreams of getting stronger. Little does he realize what he is about to experience by doing so, for in order to join this army, one must forego his humanity and become a demon.
 Saltorine Aldike, or Sari, is a bright, cheerful princess who wants to go on an adventure because she is bored of her tiny little castle in the countryside. One day, a hoard of vicious demons known as "Oni" come knocking on her doorstep, threatening the lives of everyone in the Kingdom. Thankfully, they are saved by a lone traveler named Kibitsu Mikoto who slays these monsters with a mysterious "Peach Eye." Shocked by the dangers of the outside world, Sari decides to set off on a journey of her own. Little did she know that she would set in motion a chain of events that will come to determine the fate of this magical world.
 Peach Girl is about an average high school girl, Momo Adachi, who everyone thinks is a beach bunny / slut because of her tanned skin. The actual reason she is so tanned is because she was on the swim team and tans very easily. She likes a boy, Toji, who she heard only likes non-tanned girls. This causes her to question who she is and have low self esteem. She spends a lot of time trying to remake herself into the girl she believes he wants. However, she has a friend, Sae, who likes to go behind Momo’s back and make her life terrible, mostly by trying to take Toji away from her. All the while there’s another boy, Kairi, who is in love with Momo.
 Peach Girl is about an average high school girl, Momo Adachi, who everyone thinks is a beach bunny/slut because of her tanned skin. The actual reason she is so tanned is because she was on the swim team and tans very easily. She likes a boy, Toji, who she heard only likes non-tanned girls. This causes her to question who she is and have low self esteem. She spends a lot of time trying to remake herself into the girl she believes he wants; however, she has a friend, Sae, who likes to go behind Momo's back and make her life terrible, mostly by trying to take Toji away from her. All the while there's another boy, Kairi, who is in love with Momo.
 The "slow-life anime" is part of the datsuryoku-kei (ennui-style) genre of comedy that depicts the listless minutiae of everyday life. The original anime combined motion-captured improvised acting with computer animation into a series of comedy shorts.
 The Peeping Life comedy anime series spawned five shorts for Japanese theaters. Each of the five shorts was running on the lobby monitors in T-Joy's theater chain for two weeks before being replaced by the next short. In Tokyo's Shinjuku Wald 9 cinema complex the shorts were run on the complex's actual theater screens. They were then included in the Peeping Life
 Another iteration in the Peeping Life franchise, this time featuring scenes from older times.

 Young boys and girls live under one roof and experience the ignorance and troubles of youth. The super-popular girl who is warm in style feels the bud of youthfulness, this one is enough!
 Sakura Nankyoku is a total otaku. Due to a fluke, she gets elected as her class’ Student Council President. Everything takes off from there into a series of crazy misadventures revolving around Sakura, her family, and her classmates.
 Pop singer Kirigoe Mima looks forward to a bright new career when she quits her successful trio to become an actress. When she lands a role in a sexually-charged murder mystery, Mima's life begins to fall apart. Reality and hallucination merge into a terrifying world where innocence is lost and dreams become nightmares.Quickly descending into a dangerous state of paranoid delusions, Mima watches as internet sites appear describing every intimate detail of her life. She is helpless and afraid as her associates are threatened and killed by a mysterious stalker.
 Mima Kirigoe, a member of a pop-idol group called "CHAM!", decides to quit singing to pursue a career as an actress. Some of her fans are displeased with this decision though, particularly a stalker named Me-Mania. As Mima progresses into her new career, those close to her are violently murdered one by one, and Mima begins to lose the ability to distinguish reality from fantasy.
 Mitsuo encountered Superman, an alien who is a part of a federation that tries to maintain peace in the galaxy. He then received a helmet (that also serves as a mask) that gives superhuman strength, a cape that enables the wearer to fly, and a badge that allows him to breathe underwater and communicate with his fellow comrades whom he met soon after he utilized these gifts. Superman made it clear to all Permans that their identity must be kept a secret or their brain will be destroyed should it ever be revealed and they are given a special doppelganger robot that can replace them while they are away to achieve this feat, although it is not entirely foolproof nor is it free from potential problems. These equipments then allowed them to be young Permans who try to maintain peace and help the people who are in need.
 Perrine travels across Europe with her mother, a photographer, in a cabin drawn by a donkey. They are heading to a small village in northern France, the home of Perrine's dead father. Perrine doesn't know that they are unwanted in the village; Perrine's father left the village after having quarrelled with his father (Perrine's grandfather) and married in India against his father's will. After her mother falls ill, Perrine has to sell everything, including her beloved donkey Palikare, to pay for medicine. Mother dies in Paris and before dying tells the girl that she has to make her grandfather love her before he knows who she really is. After a journey full of hardships, Perrine finally arrives in the village where she learns that her grandfather is the rich owner of the factory that feeds all the villagers. Presenting herself under a false name, Perrine gets a job on the factory, searching for a way to the heart of her grandfather.
 Sequel to the Persona 3 Movie which covers the summer arc.
 "I kind of understand now... You're afraid of losing things, right?" The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called ‘Shadows’ is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred. In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins...
 "The time of destruction is coming ever closer without a doubt. It cannot be stopped." To know death, to gaze at death, to face death. Makoto and his allies have grown through the many meetings and partings they have experienced. Their fight might not be for the sake of the world, but for themselves. Even so, they have continued to fight, believing that there are peaceful days waiting at the end of the battle. However, a boy says that destruction is the fate that humanity must shoulder. The boy they believed to be their friend tells them the truth of the situation without an emotion on his face. The season changes to winter. Makoto makes a decision in order to greet the spring that is waiting beyond...
 The film not only recaped the entire 25-episode television anime series with new cuts, but also the unaired "True End Episode" that was included in the 10th Blu-ray Disc/DVD volume.
 Adaptation of Persona 4's remake video game, Persona 4 The Golden. The story retells the events of the original while featuring a new character, Marie.
 After Yuu finds out the past and circumstances of Adachi, he makes a single decision in order to save him.
 Persona 4
 Ren Amamiya, a new transfer student at Shujin Academy, is sent to Tokyo to live with his family friend Sojiro Sakura after wrongly being put on probation for defending a woman from sexual assault. While on the way to attend his first day at his new school, Ren notices a strange app has appeared on his phone, transferring him to a world known as the Metaverse, which contains people's "shadows"

 In the wake of Ren Amamiya's apparent suicide, the other members of the Phantom Thieves are heartbroken and without purpose. As Sae Niijima rushes over to Cafe Leblanc, she brings the team a shocking revelation that spurs them to pull off one more spectacular heist. The hardened warriors of the metaverse make one last attempt to prove to the world that they fight for justice, and to bring down their teammate turned traitor, Gorou Akechi. Watch them closely, or they might just steal your heart.
 First Persona 5 the Animation TV special.
 The story focuses on the 16-year-old Protagonist after he is transferred to Shujin High School in Tokyo. Staying with friends of his parents, he meets up with two fellow students, problem child Ryuuji Sakamoto and withdrawn An Takamaki, and a talking, shape-shifting cat-like creature known as Morgana. During his time there, feeling suppressed by their environment, the four form a group known as the "Phantom Thieves," working together to carry out heists and encountering mysterious phenomena along the way.
 The stage is Ayanagi City, a city near the Japan Sea. It is a futuristic city that was built to carry out the recovery from the calamity caused by the “Apathy Syndrome” ten years previous. High school student Shin Kanzato with his little brother Jun, meet with their elder brother Ry?, who is the chief of the Ayanagi City Police, again after ten years. At that time, a series of strange incidents happen in Ayanagi City such as the crew of a submarine that suddenly disappears while in their submarine, or a spiritless symptom which disturbs the world after ten years, or the case of the inside out corpse where a student took on a cruel appearance. Ry? tracks down the organization behind the string of incidents, and having become involved in the incidents, Shin awakens the “Persona”.
 There are people who can get into people's mind and control their memories. This power is used to eradicate mysteries and cases or worse, to assassinate. The potential of the said power is strong enough that it is able to destroy people's mind, however, can backfire and eat up their own heart. To counter it, chains are used to lock and protect each other's weak and dangerous heart. From one's growing fear and disdain, they're consequently called as a "Pet."
 Count D, a quite interesting pet shop owner from an area called Chinatown, sells rare and hard to come by pets to people longing for something special, but with each sale comes a contract. If the rules of the contract are followed, everything goes fine, but if someone should break the rules of the contract, the pet shop cannot be held responsible for anything unfortunate that might happen. Leon Orcot, a homicide detective, has linked many odd and unexplainable deaths together; they all were customers of Count D's pet shop, and he intends to find out why.
 Peter Grill is known throughout the land as the world's strongest fighter. He has a girlfriend who he's steadily trying to get closer with. Life is good for him. Until he realizes that dozens of women, who want to bear strong children, are all vying for his seed.
 Peter Grill is known throughout the land as the world's strongest fighter. He has a girlfriend who he's steadily trying to get closer with. Life is good for him. Until he realizes that dozens of women, who want to bear strong children, are all vying for his seed.
 Peter Grill is known throughout the land as the world's strongest fighter. He has a girlfriend who he's steadily trying to get closer with. Life is good for him. Until he realizes that dozens of women, who want to bear strong children, are all vying for his seed.
 Peter Grill is known throughout the land as the world's strongest fighter. He has a girlfriend who he's steadily trying to get closer with. Life is good for him. Until he realizes that dozens of women, who want to bear strong children, are all vying for his seed.
 Second season of Peter Grill to Kenja no Jikan.
 Second season of Peter Grill to Kenja no Jikan.
 Second season of Peter Grill to Kenja no Jikan.
 With Peter the fairy as chairman, the animals of Placid Forest gather in a meeting to discuss the villagers' plan to cut down all the trees in the forest. They decide to stage a protest in the hope of preserving the woods, but the greedy men will not listen to their warning. The animals are forced to carry out one final operation.
 Wendy and her two little brothers are brought to the land of adventures, Neverland, by Peter pan, a boy who will never grow up. In Neverland they encounter exciting events and meet with little fairies, mermaids, Indians, and pirates. Required to act as a mother, Wendy never has a moments peace with all that is happening around her, including breath-taking fights with pirates. Later in the series, they set off to find a buried treasure with a map that they obtain from the pirates.
 Short episodes streamed on the anime’s official site after every episode, giving background information about the show.
 Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music.There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years.Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara.Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside.
 After centuries of antagonism and misunderstanding, the Japanese finally welcome youkai into their community. In an attempt at species integration, normal children begin attending school with paranormal creatures who are quite humanoid. Shingo Ohashi finds himself developing feelings for Hatoko "Petoko" Fujimura, a half-youkai half-human girl whose powers are
  Count D, a quite interesting pet shop owner from an area called Chinatown, sells rare and hard to come by pets to people longing for something special, but with each sale comes a contract. If the rules of the contract are followed, everything goes fine, but if someone should break the rules of the contract, the pet shop cannot be held responsible for anything unfortunate that might happen. Leon Orcot, a homicide detective, has linked many odd and unexplainable deaths together; they all were customers of Count D’s pet shop, and he intends to find out why.
 TV anime adaptation of the online RPG game Phantasy Star Online 2. It will feature an original story that takes place on Earth in the near future.

 It is the year 2100, and on the colonised Moon, a project is under way to explore new aspects of energy. Amami Kurau is the daughter of the chief scientist on the project, and on her 12th birthday, she accompanies her father to the lab to observe the experiments. Then something goes awry, and Kurau is struck by twin bolts of light. In the aftermath, her father is dismayed to find that his daughter is no longer his daughter. Rather, her body is now home to two energy entities with fantastic powers.
 Game producer Jun Imaizumi announced six new projects related to the smartphone game "Phantom of the Kill" during a Niconico live broadcast celebrating the game's one-year anniversary on Friday. One of the new projects is a 15-minute anime concept film. Naoyoshi Shiotani (Psycho-Pass, Blood-C
 A spate of mafia assasinations occurs in America, the work of the mysterious organization named Inferno. “Phantom” is their most strongest and capable assassin, however a lone tourist witnesses Phantom’s latest act of murder. He unwittingly exposes the top assassin’s true identity, a young girl named Ein. Witnesses are usually killed, but the man is captured and taken to be brainwashed into “Zwei”, Inferno’s newest assassin, with no memory of who he is. From this point on, Zwei is drawn into a world of conspiracy, deceit and violence.
 Zwei was an ordinary person, until one day, while walking the streets a night, he witnessed a brutal assassination. He managed to avoid the sniper, a young girl named Ein, but was soon captured, and had the memories of his former life erased. He is spared death only by accepting a condition 
 Zwei was an ordinary person, until one day, while walking the streets a night, he witnessed a brutal assassination. He managed to avoid the sniper, a young girl named Ein, but was soon captured, and had the memories of his former life erased. He is spared death only by accepting a condition
 Mafia is rife in America where assassinations are a regular occurrence on the streets. Inferno, a mysterious company, is behind most of these dealings through the use of their near-invincible human weapon, "Phantom."One day, a Japanese tourist accidentally witnesses Phantom's latest murder. Desperate to escape, the tourist hides in a secluded building. However, Phantom, revealed to be a young woman named Ein, and the leader of Inferno "Scythe Master" captures the tourist and brainwashes him.Given the name "Zwei," this once peaceful tourist is now a puppet of Inferno with no memories. Drawn into a world of lies, deceit, and violence, Zwei must fight to survive, hopefully to one day regain his memories and escape from this world where he is constantly on the brink of death.
 DVD/BD specials.
 Kaito, a puzzle-loving high school freshman, is selected as a candidate for “Phi Brain”. He and his friend Nonah find an “unsolvable puzzle” near their school. The puzzle turns out to be a life-threatening “philosopher’s puzzle” created by the mysterious group POG. After successfully solving the puzzle, Kaito is designated as a Solver and is joined by other Solvers as they battle POG all over the world by solving the “philosopher’s puzzles”.
 The puzzles get tougher and even more deadly as Kaito Daimon continues his battle against the power hungry Givers of the POG. And with one team member already switching sides, will Kaito have what it takes to keep solving the deadly puzzle traps put before him and reach the fabled Puzzle of God? More importantly, will he be able to solve the puzzles AND maintain his sanity?
 Kaito Daimon would be a completely average high school student except for one thing
 Are puzzles really necessary in this world?”In order to restore Jin’s memory, Kaito and his friends go on a puzzle-viewing journey to England. As they’re walking through the underground maze beneath the church, where young Kaito and Rook first met Jin, a mysterious girl appears in front of them.Jin calls the girl by the name “Raetsel”. It seems they know each other. However, she suddenly disappears and takes Jin with her. What’s more, the traps in the underground maze are activated and start coming after Kaito and his friends.
 The puzzles get tougher and even more deadly as Kaito Daimon continues his battle against the power hungry Givers of the POG. And with one team member already switching sides, will Kaito have what it takes to keep solving the deadly puzzle traps put before him and reach the fabled Puzzle of God? More importantly, will he be able to solve the puzzles AND maintain his sanity? The fate of the entire world might just depend on it in PHI-BRAIN ~ KAMI NO PUZZLE SEASON 2!
 Phoenix 2772 starts with twelve minutes without dialogue, much like a silent film, recalling the birth and education of Godo. In this brave new world, children are born in test tubes and are raised by computers and robots. Godo learns the skills that will make him into a great pilot, assisted by the robotic wonder Olga. Everything that Godo needs is provided for him until he eventually goes for training with his automaton companion. He soon realizes that the world is not what he expected...
 Phoenix 2772 starts with twelve minutes without dialogue, much like a silent film, recalling the birth and education of Godo. In this brave new world, children are born in test tubes and are raised by computers and robots. Godo learns the skills that will make him into a great pilot, assisted by the robotic wonder Olga. Everything that Godo needs is provided for him until he eventually goes for training with his automaton companion. He soon realizes that the world is not what he expected...
 Kazuya, a mild-mannered high school sophomore coming to the end of a very average summer break, receives a digital single lens reflex camera as a gift. His nerdy fascination with its design soon turns to wonder when he realizes this little gadget could really give his social life a shot in the arm!
 Photon Earth is a young and gentle boy with superhuman strength and "Baka" (meaning "idiot" in Japanese) scribbled on his forehead (apparently by his troublemaking friend Aun Freya). One day, he finds himself engaged to the beautiful fugitive pilot Keyne Acqua after writing "baka" on her forehead. And that's the least of his worries as he must protect both Aun and Keyne from the evil Papacharino, who seeks to steal the secrets of "Aho" (another word for idiot) energy from Keyne's grandfather's ship.
 Photon Earth is a young and gentle boy with superhuman strength and ?? (“Baka,” meaning “idiot” in Japanese) scribbled on his forehead (apparently by his troublemaking friend Aun Freya). One day, he finds himself engaged to the beautiful fugitive pilot Keyne Acqua after writing “baka” on her forehead. And that’s the least of his worries as he must protect both Aun and Keyne from the evil Papacharino, who seeks to steal the secrets of “Aho” energy from Keyne’s grandfather’s ship.
 A children's anime about police and their talking police cars. It has no steady plot.
 Web-writer Lai Xiaoguang accidentally entered a virtual world called "The Hand of God." In this fantasy world, she turned into a werewolf named Da Niu and was involved in a national treasure theft case. In order to investigate the truth, she had to embark on a journey with Wang Cai the Goat King.
 High schoolers Sayaka Takai and Akihiko Kannazuki work together at a restaurant chain "Pia Carrot." Both are interested in each other, but before either could make a move Sayaka was temporarily rotated to the newly established branch at a beach resort. While waitress girls at this new location did their best to confront harassment, make new friends, and attract new customers by attending a beauty contest, Sayaka's feeling for Akihiko never stops and has become stronger and stronger.
 High-schooler Morina Nanase has begun working as a part-timer in an Italian restaurant, Trattoria Festa. As she encounters various quirky co-workers, such as their manager, the child prodigy chef Maro Kitahara, and unique cuisines, she begins to grow as a person.
 Piano is about a secondary two schoolgirl by the name of Miu who has been playing the piano from a very young age. She is a very quiet girl. There's a senior in her school who she admires and likes but just looking at him alone already requires a lot of effort on her part, let alone...Her life experiences are being depicted by the rhythm of the tunes she plays with her piano, such as happy times being with friends and family, not to mention love of course.
 Because of a sudden kindness, Liang Xi has ten thousand years of true power, and joins Tianlingmen to embark on the official path of self-cultivation. Turning your hands into clouds and covering your hands into rain, while talking and laughing, the powerful enemies are wiped out. My wish is very simple. It is nothing more than planting flowers and raising grass, and making bubble girls and refining treasures. Covering the world with one hand, very good and powerful. Liang Xi looked at the sentient beings in the seven realms crawling under her feet, and emphasized that I am a man with a strong sense of chastity.

 With the arrival of mysterious super-era technology, Gene Lock promotes unprecedented strengthening of human body functions such as speed, power and senses. Those who successfully open the genetic lock are able to become "agents", with the best among the agents being the "gun gods". Around the new armament of gene lock, various forces fiercely struggled to establish academies to cultivate agents. With the breakthrough and application of experiments, and the coercion from the mysterious race, the world has gradually fallen into the quagmire of war. After the war, the mysterious race disappeared, and the agents and spears became unproven urban legends. The only remaining two special agent organizations, "Deep Sea" and "Dead Snake", moved their bases to the seabed and underground, respectively, without disturbing each other. However, under a peaceful scene, it is actually in crisis. The dark tide is still tumbling, and the great wheel of history has never stopped spinning.The story begins when the master fair fan Lin Xiaoshuai accidentally enters the Deep Sea Special Academy. In this unusual and mysterious campus, Xiaoshuai and his companions will aim to inherit the genetic lock, become an agent and even a gun god, learning martial arts, combat, and firearms.The animation is divided into four chapters
 Second season of Qiang Shen Ji.
 Sixth season of Qin Shi Ming Yue.
 The movie reveals the events before Ge Nie and Tianming defeated 300 soldiers at Huangyang Chuan right at the start of season 1. The events will retell how Tianming and Ge Nie met. A new character and her relations to the Western Regions will be introduced as well.
 Set during the Qin Dynasty in ancient China, a brave assassin attempts to kill the Emperor to save his homeland. However, the assassin fails and in retaliation, the Emperor sends his troops to kill his eight year old son. A highly skilled swordsman intervenes and rescues the boy. After their escape from the forces of the Emperor, they embark on a journey to change the destiny of the empire while encountering several friends and foes along the way.
 Continues off from where season 4 left off.
 Spin-off episodes of the franchise Qin Shi Ming Yue focusing on Baifeng.

 Continues the story of Tianming from where the 3rd season left off.
 In the second season, Emperor Qin sends Quicksand to destroy Machinery City, the home of the Mohist School.At the same time, Duanmu Rong sends the three kids, Tianming, Shao Yu, and Gao Yu, into the forbidden grounds of the Mohist School, a place where nobody could enter without permission.
 The first part of this season continues where the second season ended, and the battle for the Mohist school finds its conclusion.In the second part of the season, new alliances are made and new foes arise.
 Across thousands of years, a terracotta warrior comes back to life! With a girl who looks exactly like his sister-in-law, they fight crimes and become heroes to bring back justice!
 The main character of this show is a little red bean who dreams of being eaten.
 In the world of Azure Clouds, the struggle between the immortal and demonic realms continues without end. Xu Changqing, born in the Qinglian Sword Valley, had always aspired to become a sword immortal. However, his hopes were short-lived as the ninth demon general of the Cyan Moon Palace invaded the Sword Valley, resulting in the sacrifice of Xu Changqing’s grandfather. Xu Changqing was recognized by the “Qinglian Emperor Sword” and fought against the demon general, but was ultimately defeated. Later, the Kunlun Tai Bai Sword Immortal, Qiu Wuya, arrived and repelled the demon invasion. He brought Xu Changqing and Mu Zixun to Kunlun Mountain, where the other immortals desired to seize the Qinglian Emperor Sword. Qiu Wuya stopped them and Xu Changqing awakened his own spiritual power, the “Chaos Gathering Spirit Tablet,” and was taken as Qiu Wuya’s disciple. In the Immortal Sword Competition, Xu Changqing defeated Xia Qinghou and won the championship. He gained the qualification to enter the forbidden area of Kunlun Mountain in search of the Fountain of Youth that could revive his grandfather. Xu Changqing chose to venture into the dangerous forbidden area of Kunlun Mountain.
 In the multiplayer online game Glory, Ye Xiu is regarded as a textbook and a top-tier pro-player. However, due to a myriad of reasons, he is kicked from the team. After leaving the pro scene, he finds work in an Internet Cafe as a manager. When Glory launches its tenth server, he throws himself in to the game once more. Possessing ten years of experience, the memories of his past, and an incomplete, self-made weapon, his return along the road to the summit begins!
 He woke up in a familiar world that has vastly changed.His school has become a school that teaches magic, encouraging everyone to become a mighty magician.Outside the city, many wandering magical beasts and monsters attack and prey on humans.A world of advanced science, changed into one of advanced magic. Despite this, his ambition in life, and his situation remains the same. One of the dregs of the society with a struggling father and a disabled step sister that couldn’t walk.However, Mo Fan found when everyone can only have one major element, he can do much more!
 Second season of Quanzhi Fashi.
 Third season of Quanzhi Fashi.
 Fourth season of Quanzhi Fashi.
 Fifth season of Quanzhi Fashi.
 Sixth season of Quanzhi Fashi.
 Based on the All-Star tournament from novel.
 A continuation of Quanzhi Gaoshou series.
 Third season of Quanzhi Gaoshou.
 Quan Zhi Gao Shou Movie.
 The story revolves around a race that seeks to dominate the galaxy. A lone mysterious female warrior, known to others as Emeraldas sails the endless planets of the universe- in her Seas of Star ship- fighting the tyranny of that merciless race. She is tormented by the memory of her lost love.
 In a land where a queen is chosen every few years solely by winning a tournament, there can be no short supply of formidable opponents. For one woman warrior however, an early defeat clearly shows her that she is lacking in experience though she may be bountiful in body.Fortunately, while defeat could spell one's doom, her life is saved by a powerful stranger. But unfortunately for this savior, less-than-pure motives and shrewd family members mean her reward is a prison cell. Her release is prompt when the unseasoned warrior she saved, tired of her current lifestyle of nobility, sets off to prove herself.(Source
 A scan of the latest issue of Hobby Japan magazine, released on April 25, announced that Queen's Blade Grimoire will be adapted into an OVA. Comprised of two disc volumes, it will be bundled with the release of the next visual combat book of the Queen's Blade series in Fall 2015. The project is made to commemorate the 10th anniversary of Queen's Blade. The project will feature a new cast, set in a parallel multiverse, with the characters fighting using Grimoires (magical books).
 After experiencing the numerous trials encountered on her journey, Reina has grown as a warrior. Determined to take part in the Queen's Blade tournament, she arrives at the capital city Gainos, where Queen Aldora awaits. There gathers a number of beautiful warriors who, like Reina, are there for the Queen's Blade.Amongst them is Reina's sister, Claudette, determined to restore the glory of House Vance; Tomoe and Shizuka, who are both fighting for their homeland of Hinomoto; Nanael who has been ordered to participate by the Archangel; and the subordinates of the Marshland Witch.All these beautiful fighters who gather in Gainos have been one objective, to win through the Queen's Blade, the tournament to select the strongest, most beautiful queen. Who would ascend to that glorious throne? That can only be determined via battle.(Source
 Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays.
 Power corrupts, and it when it appears that the once noble Queen Claudette's ways have turned to oppression and heretical persecution, it's up to a new generation of warriors to step up to the plate armor to bear arms and bare their naked fury in open rebellion! The odds may seem unfairly stacked in favor of the Amazonian ranks of the queen, doubly supported by her power of writ and assassins. But the incredible wits and assets of the dazzling array of daring damsels willing to risk their gorgeous skins and put their lithesome bodies on line against her, might just expose a few unexpected weaknesses in the queen's support!(Source
 Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Each special will be about a different character.
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple

 New Queen's Blade OVA.
 Queen's Blade OVA. Contains short stories from the lives of the warriors after the Queen's Blade competition.
 Queen's Blade OVA. Contains short stories from the lives of the warriors after the Queen's Blade competition.
 The original soul in order to help her fiance to kill Lord Li, she pushed Lord Li to the pond while killing herself too. A doctor from the modern world had a time travel and became her so that she became the killer. How did she save her life and use her medical skills to save others?!
 Set after the events of Queen’s Blade, Gainos and the entire Continent has fallen under a tyrannical rule led by Claudette, the Thundercloud Queen and victor of the last Queen’s Blade tournament. Annelotte, a brave young knight and exiled princess, leads a band of rebels called the Rebel Army to overthrow Claudette and restore peace and order to the Continent.
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple
 The Vanquished Queens OVAs will depict new stories about the defeats of various Queen's Blade characters, independent from the ending of third TV season and other side stories.
 Set after the events of Queen’s Blade, Gainos and the entire Continent has fallen under a tyrannical rule led by Claudette, the Thundercloud Queen and victor of the last Queen’s Blade tournament. Annelotte, a brave young knight and exiled princess, leads a band of rebels called the Rebel Army to overthrow Claudette and restore peace and order to the Continent.
 Set after the events of Queen’s Blade, Gainos and the entire Continent has fallen under a tyrannical rule led by Claudette, the Thundercloud Queen and victor of the last Queen’s Blade tournament. Annelotte, a brave young knight and exiled princess, leads a band of rebels called the Rebel Army to overthrow Claudette and restore peace and order to the Continent.
 In 4 years time the competition that will decide who the next Queen shall be will start. The strongest warrior will continue to rule the country according to tradition and expand it. The contestants need only be older than 12 years. They need not be human, intelligent or even of that country. The rules for the tournament are simple
 Set after the events of Queen’s Blade, Gainos and the entire Continent has fallen under a tyrannical rule led by Claudette, the Thundercloud Queen and victor of the last Queen’s Blade tournament. Annelotte, a brave young knight and exiled princess, leads a band of rebels called the Rebel Army to overthrow Claudette and restore peace and order to the Continent.
 A villa, involved in strange circumstances in the 1990s, is bulldozed and new homes are built on top. The ostensibly peaceful town and its inhabitants will soon have its cover blown wide open. Mysterious forces are at play, rooted in a disturbing truth.
 "Azure" is a popular online game that has been active for ten years running. I'm a veteran who's been playing since launch, and I got a huge prize! After opening the gift... I was transmigrated into the game as the weakest little monster!
 Takuto Akutagawa has a special ability for writing porn novels. He applies to Hirameki Gakuen a high school which only accepts people with “Unique” talent. Now he must chase his dream and direct his classmates to win an interclass competition. All while trying to create the prefect harem.
 A Kure-nai OVA featuring new character designs closer to the novel/manga.
 Five years have passed since the occurrence of the incident known as the "Human Annihilation Mission." In Japan, a novelist is dealing with writer's block after her friend has gone missing. In Hong Kong, three sisters, masters in the use of paper, run their own detective agency to solve cases that involve books. When these people are brought together, a bond greater than blood is formed - a bond that will be sorely tested by the evil powers intent on taking over the world.Join Anita, Maggie, Michelle, and Nenene as they travel the globe in order to save the world from the evil mastermind, Mr. Carpenter! Of course, that's if they can find the time to put down the books they're reading...(Source

 Second season of Radiant.
 Second season of Radiant.
 Baozou Kongbu GushiSynopsis

 In a world where dragons rule sky, sea, and land, those who would fight them and win must surpass the limits of normal human strength. Set on victory at any cost, dragon hunter Ragna joins forces with the mysterious Crimson. Crimson's motivations may be obscure, but their goal is the same
 A great evil is sweeping over the realm; an evil that the young swordsman Roan and his life-long companion, the acolyte Yufa, must face head on! For these two travel toward their destiny, from the highest towers to the depths of the underworld, through forest and desert alike. With an ever-growing cast of fellow heroes, fate will grasp these travelers by their very souls and propel the band of skilled adventurers towards a noble end. Or ignoble, if they don't watch their step!Monsters are afoot and the way rife with danger and magic, the path forward may be unclear... But where will is strong, there is a way! Lessons wait in the depths of darkness, and good must prevail. The journey starts now!(Source
 The series follows fighting girls whose size is increased to 38 meters (about 125 feet) tall.
  In a world where time passes at a crawl and the blood of your neighbor runs blue, 17 year old high school student Ayato Kamina goes about his daily life within Tokyo Jupiter oblivious to the world around him, having been educated with the fact that the all civilization but Tokyo has been destroyed. But all that changes when the mysterious civilization “MU” invades his home, raining destruction down from the sky in the form of strange monsters called Dolems. The events that occur next will lead Ayato to the mysterious woman named Reika Mishima, to the truth of their existence, the discovery of what and who he is, and to the powerful angelic robot RahXephon.
 In the year 2012 Japan was invaded by the Mu. Human-like beings from another dimension with blue blood.In the year 2015 Tokyo is attacked by invaders, who are repelled by a humanoid weapon called a Dolem. During the chaos, Ayato Kamina meets Reika Mishima, a classmate.During that same day, he is attacked by government officials but a woman named Haruka comes to his rescue, informing him that she was sent to get him by the Organization TERRA, and that Tokyo had been sealed in a time rift where time flows one third as fast as the outside world.He flees from Haruka onto a train where he sees Reika once more. Arriving at the Room of Rah, he follows her to a tremendous egg where the Dolem RahXephon is hatched from, and upon her singing his mother appears atop the Dolem that had stopped the TERRA Invasion. In the battle Ayato's mother is injured, and Ayato flees Tokyo Jupiter with Haruka.
 Ayato Kamina was separated from the girl he loved, Haruka Mishima, when an event occurred that was thought to have killed everyone outside of Tokyo. But one day three years later, invaders suddenly attacked the city. It was then that he meets an agent of TERRA, Haruka Shitow, who tells him that she will give him the truth about the world. It is the beginning of a series of strange events, which involve him activating a giant mecha, the RahXephon and finding out that many people, including his own mother, has blue blood, and that he was actually living in a self-encased dimension where time moves slower than that of the outside world.(Source
 Shitou Haruka -- a 29 year old lady who lost her life with her beloved in a flash. She tries to retrieve "something" that was important to her, and joins the special institution TERRA. Haruka's target was Kamina Ayato. He was a high school student 12 years younger than her. However, that Ayato was the person she had feelings for when she parted with him in Junior High.Lovers parted by the time, a Sci-Fi setting and the test for the truth of people's hearts. The movie heats up with Ayato's RahXephon and the battle with the Dolems. If Ayato awakens completely, the world will turn into a horrific situation. To prevent that, Haruka needs to kill Ayato. Would Haruka be able to go pass this decision? And the "sleeping beauty" that is waiting for Ayato's kiss. How would their love change?
 This is the autobiographic tale of Kobayashi Chitose, a young Japanese girl growing up in a Japanese-occupied North Korea. As World War II progresses, Chitose begins to realize that her family will not be able to escape the effects of the conflict. From the simple disappointment of not being able to get the type of backpack she wants for school, to her father's recruitment as a soldier, the war begins to impact her life in a very real manner. But the end of the war does not mean the end of hardship for her. The Koreans, fed up with years of Japanese rule and persecution, have joined forces with a Chinese-backed communist government and are systematically making life a living horror for the Japanese left in North Korea. Fearing reprisal since he was a Japanese veteran, Chitose's father risks everything to get his family out of the north and to the US-occupied area south of the 38th parallel.
 Set in Hinomoto, a fictional version of Japan, where for a long time railway travel served as the most important form of transport. Each locomotive was paired with a humanoid control module, so-called Raillord, that aided the train operator. However, many rail lines had been discontinued due to the rising popularity of "aerocrafts," a safe and convenient aerial mode of transport. As such, their accompanying railroads also went into a deep sleep.Soutetsu had lost his entire family in a rail accident and was adopted into the Migita household, which runs a shochu brewery in the city of Ohitoyo. He returned to his hometown to save it from the potential water pollution that would occur if they accepted the proposal to build an aerocraft factory nearby. He woke up the Raillord Hachiroku by accident and became her owner. For different purposes, they agreed to help find her lost locomotive, with the help of his stepsister Hibiki, the town's mayor and local railway chief, Paulette and others.
 Second season of Rail Romanesque.
 In a Japan where the nationalized railway system was never privatized
 Rainbow, a colorful male fish, and his friends are learning important life lessons including friendship, sharing, tolerance, perseverance, patience and problem solving.
 Seven teenagers in 1955 have to learn to live together in the same hold in the reformatory of Shio. Confined in a hall where suffering and humiliation are daily, they are waiting for a ray of hope in a dark, incarcerating world. The story follows their life together and how they move on afterwards
 The "school sword action" story revolves around Magic Knights, modern magic-users who fight with weapons converted from their souls. Ikki Kurogane goes to a school for these Magic Knights, but he is the "Failed Knight" or "Worst One" who is failing because he has no magical skills. However, one day, he is challenged to a duel by Stella, a foreign princess and the "Number One" student. In this duel, "the loser must be obedient for life."


 Gen Urobuchi's original anime movie.
 In a future where a massive disaster has devastated Earth, most of humanity has abandoned their physical bodies and relocated in digital form to DEVA, an advanced space station orbiting the ravaged planet. Free from the limitations of traditional existence, such as death and hunger, the inhabitants of this virtual reality reside in relative peace until Frontier Setter, a skilled hacker, infiltrates the system and spreads subversive messages to the populace.Labeled a threat to security by authorities, Frontier Setter is pursued by Angela Balzac, a dedicated member of DEVA's law enforcement. When the hacker's signal is traced to Earth, Angela takes on physical form, transferring her consciousness to a clone body and traveling to the world below in order to deal with the menace. On Earth, she is assisted by Dingo, a charismatic agent, and during her journey to uncover the mystery behind Frontier Setter, she gradually discovers startling realities about the wasteland some of humanity still refers to as home, as well as the paradise above.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Six girls including Tsukishima Yui were summoned into the end of Edo period by the power of mystic stones. They became celestial nymphs to protect cities from evils. Each girl obtained her own power. The power Yui obtained was "word". She would fight against evils by her "words" that gave people hope.
 Mew and Mica are alien androids sent by their boss to defend the Earth. Unfortunately for our planet, they are the laziest superheroines you will ever meet. Now most superheroes would drop whatever they're doing, transform, and proceed to kick monsters' butts... but these two would do no such thing. Mew and Mica just can't let their duties interfere with their ice cream, arguments, or whatever activities they happen to be engaged in at the time. When they are not Hyper Dolls they seem to be just ordinary, rather cute school girls, lusted after by the boys.
 A theatrical anime movie of the original story of the epic Indian classical "Ramayana" and a joint production between Japan and India. Prince Rama, one of the four Princes of Ayodhya, will be expelled from the palace through a conspiracy. Rama is banished to the forest for 14 years. A girl named Sita and Lakshman, Rama's brother, go with him into the forest. Ravana, the King of Demons, falls in love with Sita and kidnaps her. In order to save his love, Rama goes to Lanka with the help of an army of monkeys and friends of the forest.A feature film based on a story of true love, friendship, and trust, this anime is about 2 hours and 15 minutes long, with musical elements from Indian cinemas in between.
 Miki Onimaru is a poster girl that works at her mother’s Chinese ramen restaurant. She appears to be a normal girl, but she can become very violent if provoked. She picks a fight with her mother and accquaintances as a result on an almost daily basis, causing a series of troubling mishaps in their otherwise normal lives.
 Lovelorn Xiao Yong entered high school in despair. In order to get out of the haze of lovelorn, he joined a school club, FFF. Later he learned that the FFF Club was a heresy inquisition organized by a group of magicians. In the group test, Xiao Yong awakened his own destruction fire magic. From then on, he began his brilliant high school life.
 Ranma 1/2 revolves around a 16-year old boy named Ranma Saotome who was trained from early childhood in martial arts. As a result of an accident during a training journey, he is cursed to become a girl when splashed with cold water, but hot water will change him back into a boy. Don’t let the animation discourage you it was made a long time ago so let it slide. This show is very fun to watch and the first anime I ever finished that was over 100 episodes. I highly recommend this for those who want to see something while waiting for another show. Ranma 1/2 is very random and ecchi.
 Ranma 1/2 revolves around a 16-year old boy named Ranma Saotome who was trained from early childhood in martial arts. As a result of an accident during a training journey, he is cursed to become a girl when splashed with cold water, but hot water will change him back into a boy. Don’t let the animation discourage you it was made a long time ago so let it slide. This show is very fun to watch and the first anime I ever finished that was over 100 episodes. I highly recommend this for those who want to see something while waiting for another show. Ranma 1/2 is very random and ecchi.
 Ranma 1/2 revolves around a 16-year old boy named Ranma Saotome who was trained from early childhood in martial arts. As a result of an accident during a training journey, he is cursed to become a girl when splashed with cold water, but hot water will change him back into a boy. Don’t let the animation discourage you it was made a long time ago so let it slide. This show is very fun to watch and the first anime I ever finished that was over 100 episodes. I highly recommend this for those who want to see something while waiting for another show. Ranma 1/2 is very random and ecchi.
 All is well at the Tendo residence when from out of nowhere, a Chinese girl named Lychee appears, seeking revenge on Happosai for a broken promise made since her birth. Things get worse when Kirin and the Seven Lucky Gods appear and abduct Akane to take as his wife. Ranma and the gang must travel to Nekonron, China, and save Akane from getting married to Kirin.
 After the whole Ranma "crew" has stranded on a deserted, tropical island, suddely the girls start disappearing into a strange shadow. What is happening to them and will they be saved?
 Ranma Saotome and his father, Genma, both practitioners of the Saotome school of anything-goes martial arts, fall into the cursed springs of the legendary training ground of Jusenkyo in mainland China during a training mission. Each spring holds a different curse for any who come in contact with its water, all of which involve who or what has drowned in the spring in the past - Ranma emerges from the spring a girl and Genma a panda, both now cursed to change forms each time they come in contact with hot and cold water.At the end of their training mission, Genma decides to take up residence with his old training partner, Soun Tendo, owner of the Tendo dojo and head of the Tendo school of anything-goes martial arts, dragging a reluctant Ranma along with him. Soun and Genma discuss the arrangements they had made in the past involving Ranma becoming engaged to one of Soun's three daughters in order to combine the two schools and allow Ranma to inherit the Tendo dojo. It's informally decided that he is to be engaged to Akane Tendo, Soun's youngest daughter, and the two must put up with one another - and their engagement - as Ranma and his father settle into domestic life at the Tendo household.
 Ranma Saotome continues his search for a way to become a normal teenage boy again. He gets into many hilarious situations involving the many girls in his life. One of the biggest challenges is overcoming the proposals from others who have found a suitable bride for Ranma. But he has his own worries and must muster up the best of his wits and martial arts to keep his sanity. It's not easy being desired by so many women (and men) and not breaking hearts of a few along the way. He just might be able to find it in his heart to confess to Akane or simply find another excuse that he can't marry such a tomboy girl.
 All is well at the Tendo residence when from out of nowhere, a Chinese girl named Lychee appears, seeking revenge on Happosai for a broken promise made since her birth. Things get worse when Kirin and the Seven Lucky Gods appear and abduct Akane to take as his wife. Ranma and the gang must travel to Nekonron, China, and save Akane from getting married to Kirin.(Source
 Ranma and the gang are invited to a boating trip with Kuno. Unfortunately, a storm destroys the yacht and everyone is stranded on a remote island. The whole situation goes even more awry when one by one, the girls disappear without a trace. Ranma then finds out that the girls are abducted by Toma, ruler of the island, as part of his personal harem.(Source
 The story takes place at a certain middle school where several murder cases take place. Kobayashi, a boy who goes to this school, meets genius detective Akechi, who comes to the school to investigate. Kobayashi takes an interest in Akechi and, in spite of his friend Hashiba's worries, he volunteers to be Akechi's assistant.
 A rat, who can also cook, makes an unusual alliance with a young kitchen worker at a famous restaurant.
 When the galaxy comes under the threat of a nefarious space captain, a mechanic and his newfound robot ally join an elite squad of combatants to save the universe.
 Amami Hibiki is a girl who can see ghosts and other supernatural phenomena in her surroundings. The stories follow her daily life with both her friends and the otherworldly.
 The story centers on Minato Kiyoumizu, a boy who quit playing water polo after an incident during the winter of his third year of junior high school. After entering high school, he makes a promise and decides to try water polo again and join the school's team with his friends. However, the new team will run into problems along the way...
 The highly anticipated sequel is here. Wrapped in shock and mystery, the story continues!It has been three months since the incident at Yokohama. Things have been settling down at Cafe Nowhere. Murasaki and Hajime have teamed up and started investigating again. After an unforeseen reunion, Art holds Nice at gunpoint. What are his real intentions? What will become of the connection between Art and Hamatora?
 It has been three months since the incident at Yokohama. Things have been settling down at Cafe Nowhere. Murasaki and Hajime have teamed up and started investigating again. After an unforeseen reunion, Art holds Nice at gunpoint. What are his real intentions? What will become of the connection between Art and Hamatora?(Source
 Humans have created many stories. Joy, sadness, anger, deep emotion. Stories shake our emotions, and fascinate us. However, these are only the thoughts of bystanders. But what if the characters in the story have "intentions"? To them, are we god-like existences for bringing their story into the world? Our world is changed. Mete out punishment upon the realm of the gods. In Re
 The second film in a duology compiling the Mawaru Penguindrum anime with new elements.In order to save the life of their younger sister Himari, twin brothers Kanba and Shoma Takakura search for the Penguindrum under the command of a mysterious penguin hat. Meanwhile, believing in her own destiny, high school girl Ringo Oginome continues to make the events written in her diary come true. All the while, Masako Natsume continues trying to get her hands on Ringo’s diary in order to find guidance to a new destiny. Ten years have passed since they began searching for the Penguindrum, and now Kanba and Shoma, who once boarded a train that changed their destiny, have returned for a moment from that destined place.
 The first film in a duology compiling the Mawaru Penguindrum anime with new elements.What would you do to save someone you love? All brothers Shoma and Kanba know is that, after collapsing in an aquarium and apparently dying, their terminally ill sister Himari was somehow revived by a Penguin hat that she had wished for. Now they're on an impossible mission, because the price of keeping Himari alive is to find a mysterious object called the Penguindrum, and they'll do anything to save their sister. Anything. As they travel separate paths in their search, they'll have to unravel complex riddles, make alliances with strangers they know they shouldn't trust, and question the very fabrics of time and destiny.
 A collection of comedic shorts featuring characters from Re
 The story centers around the first-year student Mana Shikimiya as she pursue her dreams of winning at the Prism Stage, the competition that determines the top middle-school idol.
 A series of comedic shorts featuring chibi versions of the characters of the main show.
 A series of comedic shorts featuring chibi versions of the characters of the main show.
 Natsuki Subaru is an ordinary high school student who is lost in an alternate world, where he is rescued by a beautiful, silver-haired girl. He stays near her to return the favour, but the destiny she is burdened with is more than Subaru can imagine. Enemies attack one by one, and both of them are killed. He then finds out he has the power to rewind death, back to the time he first came to this world. But only he remembers what has happened since.
 During the Re
 Subaru and friends finally get a moment of peace, and Subaru goes on a certain secret mission that he must not let anyone find out about! However, even though Subaru is wearing a disguise, Petra and other children of the village immediately figure out who he is. Now that his mission was exposed within five seconds of it starting, what will happen with Subaru's "date course" with Emilia?
 Subaru Natsuki finally gets to take a breather, but he does not waste any time as he prepares for a date with his beloved Emilia. He scouts the nearby village for the right dating spot, and with the help of the village children, he finds a wonderful location. With that, he is well prepared for his date!Unfortunately for Subaru, cold weather suddenly sweeps across Roswaal's mansion on his important day, leaving him with no choice but to postpone the date. Overnight, it becomes even colder and unbearable. Subaru must get to the bottom of this because, at this rate, his date will be the least of his worries.
 Natsuki Subaru is an ordinary high school student who is lost in an alternate world, where he is rescued by a beautiful, silver-haired girl. He stays near her to return the favour, but the destiny she is burdened with is more than Subaru can imagine. Enemies attack one by one, and both of them are killed. He then finds out he has the power to rewind death, back to the time he first came to this world. But only he remembers what has happened since.
 Second season of Re
 Second season of Re
 Second half of Re
 Second half of Re
 "New edition" that edits the first season into one-hour episodes with new cuts of animation leading up to the second season in April.
 "New edition" that edits the first season into one-hour episodes with new cuts of animation leading up to the second season in April.
  Yomiko Readman is “The Paper” a secret underground operative for the British Library with the inredible power of complete control over paper, including the ability to make it solid as steel. She is called to duty when a book that could spell the end of the world is stolen, and she must take it back. Going with two other operatives, she attempts to take it back and save the world.
  Yomiko Readman is “The Paper” a secret underground operative for the British Library with the inredible power of complete control over paper, including the ability to make it solid as steel. She is called to duty when a book that could spell the end of the world is stolen, and she must take it back. Going with two other operatives, she attempts to take it back and save the world.
 The Real Drive is a “neo-futuristic science-fiction suspense” story is set in A.D. 2061, when a new, more secure information network called the Material Network (or “Metal”) has taken over human society. However, aberrations begin to crop up as individuals chafe against the rigid system, and so-called “cyber divers” are dispatched to investigate these incidents. The the main cast consists; the cyber driver Mari, an “intuitive girl” named Minamo, the team’s head Eiichir?, the combat expert S?ta, and the android Horon.
 Because his friends fired a rocket into the US Army camp, Suzuki was wanted by the US Army and the police. While he was running away the sea surface suddenly rose, and when a brilliant light appeared he saw a strange looking battleship flying in the air. He was dumped into the sea and when he crawled onto the battleship there was a beautiful girl standing there. She said her name was Lyx, the princess of another world, and added, "My Father is Japanese, Shinjiro Sakomizu. Please help me, Suzuki."Based on the novel series by the Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino.
 The series will revolve around a team of 12 high school students who love to play the trading card game Rebirth For You.

 The Nine-heavens Crystal brought Lin Haotian back to life. In this life, he is Lin Que, a son of a declined family. One of his father’s friend took him in and wanted to marry his daughter to him. However, his wife and daughter clearly hate his decision and make his life hard. Lin Haotian, now called Lin Que, decides to leave and regain his cultivation again. Although he is far weaker than before, he is incredibly strong in the eyes of ordinary people. They regard him as “Mr. Immortal.” So what his life will be in the earthly world? Can he figure out the mystery of the Nine-heavens Crystal? Please do not call me “Mr. Immortal.” I’m just an ordinary cultivator.




 Fumihiko Matsumaru is an average salaryman with no girlfriend. He invited his colleague Miss Tanaka to a movie but was stood up. Right at the time he was about to toss tickets into a trash can, a cute girl appeared and asked him not to waste those two tickets. After movie and dinner, he escorted her home and found they live in the same neighborhood, yet unfortunately her apartment caught on fire hours later. Having nowhere else to stay, rookie seiyuu Aka Onda moved to Matsumaru’s place, and the two had started a “more than friend but not yet lovers” relationship under the same roof while keeping this secret from their employers.
 Recently, my sister is unusual. In the romance comedy, a girl named Mitsuki Kanzaki lives with her step-brother Yuuya after her mother remarries. One day, Mitsuki is possessed by the self-proclaimed spirit of a young girl, Hiyori Kotobuki. Hiyori (in Mitsuki's body) must fall in love with Yuuya to move toward the "Gates of Heaven".
 In the romance comedy, a girl named Mitsuki Kanzaki lives with her step-brother Yuuya after her mother remarries. One day, Mitsuki is possessed by the self-proclaimed spirit of a young girl, Hiyori Kotobuki. Hiyori (in Mitsuki's body) must fall in love with Yuuya to move toward the "Gates of Heaven".
 Created from the aftermath of the last great battle of the gods, Lodoss and its kingdoms have been plagued by war for thousands of years. As a quiet peace and unity finally become foreseeable over the land, an unknown evil begins to stir. An ancient witch has awakened, bent on preserving the island of Lodoss by creating political unbalance throughout the many kingdoms and keeping any one from maintaining central control. Only a mixed-race party of six young champions, led by the young warrior Parn, stand between this new threat and Lodoss’ decent back into the darkness of war and destruction.
 Created from the aftermath of the last great battle of the gods, Lodoss and its kingdoms have been plagued by war for thousands of years. As a quiet peace and unity finally become foreseeable over the land, an unknown evil begins to stir. An ancient witch has awakened, bent on preserving the island of Lodoss by creating political unbalance throughout the many kingdoms and keeping any one from maintaining central control. Only a mixed-race party of six young champions, led by the young warrior Parn, stand between this new threat and Lodoss' descent back into the darkness of war and destruction.(Source
 Five years after the death of the Emperor of Marmo in the War of Heroes, Parn is now the Free Knight of Lodoss, he and his old allies now famous through the land. However, the Emperor's right-hand man, Ashram, seeks the scepter of domination to re-unify Lodoss under his former leader's banner. Meanwhile, beyond his attempts at conquest lies a more sinister force beginning to set the stage for the resurrection of the goddess of death and destruction...
 Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy who is 180 centimeters tall. Since he has a grown-up looking build but acts his age, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall. Even though she has a childish looking build, Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi.
 Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy. Since he is 180 centimeters tall and has a grown-up looking build, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall and has a childish looking build. Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi, who acts his true age.
 Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy. Since he is 180 centimeters tall and has a grown-up looking build, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall and has a childish looking build. Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi, who acts his true age.
 Unaired episode 13 included on the Blu-ray/DVD volume of the Recorder to Randoseru Mi series.
 Miyagawa Atsushi is an 11-year-old boy. Since he is 180 centimeters tall and has a grown-up looking build, he has always been running into troubles. On the other hand, his 17-year-old elder sister Atsumi is only 137 centimeters tall and has a childish looking build. Atsumi takes good care of Atsushi, who acts his true age.
 In the future, the "Metal Fight" games are the most popular televised sport in the world and many robot contestants compete for the title of Best Metal Fighter in the World. Kurenai Ken, along with teammate Saeba Shoko (who was, at first, adamant), pilots the Super Robot Fighter, Red Baron and enters the contest with dreams of becoming its champion. He must, however, face an army of other rivals from around the world including Kaizer (who is, in fact, Shoko's supposedly "lost" father, Tetsuo Saeba), the Tetsumen Tou ("Iron Fist" - a reference to the original Red Baron TV series) doctors, Tiger and ShinRon.
 Strange suicides have been taking place in New York. One day, four girls from the same high school wake up in the morning feeling tired and dizzy and not being able to remember anything about the previous night. In school, they find out that one of their classmates has committed suicide. School is canceled for the rest of the day, but instead of going home, the girls are drawn to a park by butterflies only they can see. Suddenly a man and a woman approach the girls, telling them that they all died the previous night.
 Strange suicides have been taking place in New York. One day, four girls from the same high school wake up in the morning feeling tired and dizzy and not being able to remember anything about the previous night. In school, they find out that one of their classmates has committed suicide. School is canceled for the rest of the day, but instead of going home, the girls are drawn to a park by butterflies only they can see. Suddenly a man and a woman approach the girls, telling them that they all died the previous night.(Source
 In the future (subsequent to the events of the television series) Kate, Rose, Rachel and Claire divide their immortal lives between study and vigilantism. Their past link to the red garden on Roosevelt Island comes back to haunt them after mysterious transfer students Louise and Edgar seek out their friendship.
 In the future (subsequent to the events of the television series) Kate, Rose, Rachel and Claire divide their immortal lives between study and vigilantism. Their past link to the red garden on Roosevelt Island comes back to haunt them after mysterious transfer students Louise and Edgar seek out their friendship.
 The series revolves around Ky, a 15-year-old student of ancient martial arts, who embarks on an epic quest to find the Kairu, a primordial alien energy source. Aided by his friends Maya and Boomer, Ky travels the world searching for the Kairu while attempting to make sure that his extraterrestrial teenage alien adversaries don’t find it first.
 The most dangerous and exciting car race in the universe is held only once every five years. And that's tonight. The competitors are lined up at the starting block. In his vehicle, JP, the most daredevil driver on the circuit, is ready for the green light. Female driver Sonoshee, with whom he is secretly in love, is also on the starting line. She will stop at nothing to get on to that podium. In this race, not only is anything possible, but also anything is allowed. In fact, their adversaries have modified their vehicles to equip them with highly destructive weapons; with such participants, it is hardly surprising that Redline is forbidden by the authorities, who will try anything to halt the proceedings. These speed addicts have to put themselves in mortal danger to achieve their aim
 Every five years, an exhilarating race called Redline is held, and the universe's most anticipated competition has only one rule
 Gawr Gura's first original song.
 Matsunaga Yoshihiro is the chaperone for a group of high-school students on a summer trip to the beach. One night he saves one of the students, Morisawa Nao, as she attempts to drown herself. She had been on this same trip a year ago, with her fiancee, who was later killed in a plane crash. As these two get to know each other, we find that Yoshihiro also has a painful secret from his past. Watching over everything is a mysterious young girl who somehow is always there at decisive moments.
 Sisters Yui and Rena live a peaceful life in the kingdom of Enastoria, but they become involved in a vortex of destiny when a giant robot attacks Enastoria.
 In the country of Rimguard, a mysterious event shook the country and its people just 12 years prior. As time passed, memory of the incident began to fade while peace reigned over the land. Sisters Yui and Rena live a quiet life in the Enastria Empire until a large mecha suddenly attacks their peaceful home, changing everything. The girls become caught in a vortex of destiny and godly revival.
 Hishou, Ginga, Ace, Hayate, and Ikazuchi all work at a studio doing various idol-related jobs at the request of their manager, Reiko. But in reality, these five teenagers are actually the Reideens, a group of superheroes who fight the Super Devils sent by Lushu, a mysterious being. Little do the Reideens know, these Super Devils are being sent for a more important purpose...Source
 Second season of Reikenzan
 In the anime's story, a comet falling will bring about a great calamity, and in order to choose a child fated by the falling comet, the family of the "Reiken" clan with a long storied history is once again resuming its entrance examination process to find disciples. The protagonist, who possesses a special soul that is only available once in a thousand years, decides to take the exam, and he starts down the path toward becoming an exceptional sage.
 New mini anime series for Di Gi Charat, part of the celebration for the franchise's 24th anniversary next year.
 The series is about a girl named Momo who attends high school at the city of Sorasaki. However, she is secretly a member of Tsukikage, an intelligence agency that protects people. As a new member of the agency, she works alongside her colleagues including her senior Yuki and friends. Together, they work to establish peace in the city.
 The series is about a girl named Momo who attends high school at the city of Sorasaki. However, she is secretly a member of Tsukikage, an intelligence agency that protects people. As a new member of the agency, she works alongside her colleagues including her senior Yuki and friends. Together, they work to establish peace in the city.
 The planet Libertia was once known as "the planet of death", until humanity built three giant mirrors and created what seemed like an ideal land. It is on this planet that Professor Grace and his granddaughter Alcia live peacefully... until their home is attacked by Guild soldiers looking for the professor and for Legaciam - a special Armor that can resist extreme heat, allowing it to go to areas where humans would not survive normally. Alcia, who was at the time piloting Legaciam in order to help her grandfather with the testing, manages to get away... barely. But the Guild is determined to get Legaciam by any means necessary...Why is Legaciam so important? And can Alcia and her friends get away from their Guild pursuers?
 The story follows Kaizaki Arata, a 27-year-old jobless man, who fails at every job interview he had after quitting his last company. His life changes after he met Yoake Ryou of the ReLife Research Institute, who offered him a drug that can change his appearance to 17-years-old and to become a subject in an experiment for one year. Thus, he begins his life as a high school student once more.
 The story follows Kaizaki Arata, a 27-year-old jobless man, who fails at every job interview he had after quitting his last company. His life changes after he met Yoake Ryou of the ReLife Research Institute, who offered him a drug that can change his appearance to 17-years-old and to become a subject in an experiment for one year. Thus, he begins his life as a high school student once more.
 Kanketsu-hen of ReLIFE
 After reliving the life of a high school student through the ReLIFE experiment, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki cannot believe how quickly it has changed him. He has begun to see the world through a different perspective that he had completely forgotten as an adult. He has made friends and formed deep relationships with each one of them. However his support, Ryou Yoake, reminds him that the experiment is all an illusion; after his experiment ends, he will be forgotten by all of them.The experiment of another ReLIFE subject is also coming to an end. After spending two years with ReLIFE, Chizuru Hishiro has developed into a more open, more thoughtful person than she could have ever imagined. She has met people who have changed her life, her perspective, and ultimately her. However, now that their ReLIFE is coming to an end, will they be able to let go of the memories they have made?
 A Kiss Note is a powerful notebook that makes anyone who has their name written together will instantly fall in love if they kiss each other regardless of any circumstances. This magical and very familiar item belongs to an angel named Guri whose job as cupid is to create couples. However, she accidentally writes down Aino Seiji, a regular high school student, and unless he kisses someone, Guri will die. She convinces Seiji to go kiss his crush, Hiyama Akane, the school's popular girl who turns out has even stronger feelings for him, bordering on obsessive and psychotic. Eventually Akane and Seiji come together but not before Guri decides that she likes Seiji as well. What seems awesome to most guys becomes hell for Seiji who just wants a normal relationship with girls.
 A Kiss Note is a powerful notebook that makes anyone who has their name written together will instantly fall in love if they kiss each other regardless of any circumstances. This magical and very familiar item belongs to an angel named Guri whose job as cupid is to create couples. However, she accidentally writes down Aino Seiji, a regular high school student, and unless he kisses someone, Guri will die. She convinces Seiji to go kiss his crush, Hiyama Akane, the school's popular girl who turns out has even stronger feelings for him, bordering on obsessive and psychotic. Eventually Akane and Seiji come together but not before Guri decides that she likes Seiji as well. What seems awesome to most guys becomes hell for Seiji who just wants a normal relationship with girls.
 In the near future when technology has significantly advanced, a famous AI TV fortune teller seemingly foresees high school student Asahi Kashiwagi's day with pinpoint accuracy. On his way to school, he encounters Aoi Izumisawa, Bai Mongfa, Karin Istel, Amelia Irving, and Ilya Ilyukhin. Despite meeting them for the first time, Asahi suddenly receives love confessions from all of them at the end of the same day, perfectly aligning with the fortune teller's prediction.As if that was not enough, Asahi soon learns that these five individuals are actually candidates to become his bride, and they have been invited by his father to live at Asahi's home. Left with no other choice, he reluctantly allows them to stay, resulting in a bawdy turn of events that brightens up his average high school life.However, as Asahi spends more time with them, forgotten memories gradually resurface. While uncovering the hidden truth, Asahi begins to believe that his fate with these potential partners might be more than just mere coincidence.

 DVD specials.
 These are witches who defend everyone's smiles and fight enemies through the healing power of music. These witches, opposite of those in the defense fleet, are idols known as the Music Squadron.
 A commentary recap episode of the first 6 episodes.
  Due to his father’s disappearance, Itsuki Iba has to take over the family business
 When development engineer Delida wakes up in the future from a cold sleep, his girlfriend isn't there... he decides to go back 10 years in time to "that incident" to keep his promise with her.The key to get her back is a time leap.(Source
 The year is 2050. A young engineer named Derrida Yvain became famous thanks to his contribution to the development of the "Autonomous Machine DZ" at Rebuild, the manufacturing company founded by his father. One day, Derrida and his colleague Nathan discover a flaw in the DZs and try to warn their boss, but are ignored. Although Derrida and Nathan are aware of the danger, they reluctantly decide to put off taking any measures, and instead go to Nathan's daughter Mage's birthday party. The next day, after enjoying a peaceful day, Derrida and Nathan are suddenly attacked by unknown forces. At the end of the escape, Derrida falls into a cold sleep machine and 10 years later, he wakes up to a devastated world in the middle of a war. While Derrida is attacked by a group of out of control DZs, he almost gives up, but he recalls Nathan's last words."Take care of Mage."Despite the harsh fate that has fallen upon him, Derrida sets off to seek Mage.
 The story will be set in the city of Minamisouma in Fukushima prefecture, and will center around a down-and-out protagonist who gets to know a robot while working rescue efforts. It will depict the friendship and growth of a group of children alongside the robot. Local traditional crafts such as Ouborisoumayaki pottery will appear in the story. Fukushima Gainax is producing the anime to promote Fukushima's "Innovation Coast" initiative that aims to revive industry and tourism in the region after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
 Special recap of s.CRY.ed to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the anime; featuring digital remastering and some new footage.
 Second part of the s.CRY.ed recap.
 Let's Go! Tamagotchi is an anime series focusing on the lives of Mametchi, Memetchi, Kuchipatchi, ChaMametchi, and their friends. The series premiered in Japan in December 2007, while an English dub was uploaded by Bandai in December 2008. It was originally uploaded a week before the release of the first movie in Japanese.
 Let's Go! Tamagotchi is an anime series focusing on the lives of Mametchi, Memetchi, Kuchipatchi, ChaMametchi, and their friends. The series premiered in Japan in December 2007, while an English dub was uploaded by Bandai in December 2008. It was originally uploaded a week before the release of the first movie in Japanese.
 Middle school girl Momoka is dragged into joining one of the strangest associations at her school, the Survival Game Club. Its members participate in various forms of paramilitary training under the watchful eye of charming and alarming president, Miou. How on Earth will the inexperienced Momoka survive her training, let alone Miou's company?!
 Short OVA bundled with the volumes 1 to 6 of the Blu-ray releases of Sabagebu!
 In a world of only males, they have created female looking marionettes (androids). A handful of them have been given special ‘hearts’ called maiden circuits that give them emotion and human personality. Three of these are found by Otaru, and they soon are caught up in a war against Lord Faust and his 3 ‘human’ marionettes.
 In the distant future, since the Earth has become overpopulated, efforts to find and colonize on other planets have begun. However, one of the ships, the "Mesopotamia" malfunctions and all but 6 of its inhabitants are all killed. the remaining 6 manage to escape to a nearby planet named "Terra ll ", which is similar to Earth in many respects. However, all of them are male. Therefore, as to not let their efforts go to waste, they begin to set up 6 countries and to reproduce through cloning and genetic engineering. however, there are still no women, and to make up for it they create lifelike advanced female androids called "Marionettes" which do everyday chores and work. However, they are all emotionless machines. But one day, a ordinary boy named Otaru finds and awakens 3 special battle type Marionettes that have emotions due to a "Maiden Circuit" within them. It's up to him then to teach them and allow their emotions to grow, and when a nearby country threatens with world domination, it's up to to Otaru and his "human" Marionettes to protect their country.
 In a world of only males, they have created female looking marionettes (androids). A handful of them have been given special ‘hearts’ called maiden circuits that give them emotion and human personality. Three of these are found by Otaru, and they soon are caught up in a war against Lord Faust and his 3 ‘human’ marionettes.
 Lime, Cherry, and Bloodberry, female-like androids called marionettes, have returned to Otaru`s side. The somewhat reformed marionettes of Faust (Tiger, Luchs, and Panther) are sent to stay with Otaru and friends to learn more about being human. Enter a seventh marionette named Marine, who has a mysterious power -- and they all possess the special maiden circuit that allows a marionette to feel emotions!
 Taking place mere months after the Saber Marionette J OVA series, this newest installment in the Saber Marionette line follows the continuing adventures of Otaru and his clan of selfless, obsessive marionette girls. This time, the evil Faust is back, and again toying with Marionette technology that was never meant to be explored. The Saber Dolls are back, and torn between their newfound love for Otaru and their undying loyalty to Faust; Will Otaru, Lime, Cherry and Bloodberry be able to stop Faust again, or are they all headed for the scrap heap?
 Taking place mere months after the Saber Marionette J OVA series, this newest installment in the Saber Marionette line follows the continuing adventures of Otaru and his clan of selfless, obsessive marionette girls. This time, the evil Faust is back, and again toying with Marionette technology that was never meant to be explored. The Saber Dolls are back, and torn between their newfound love for Otaru and their undying loyalty to Faust; Will Otaru, Lime, Cherry and Bloodberry be able to stop Faust again, or are they all headed for the scrap heap?(Source
 Jr., the heir of Romana and his battle sabers Cherry and Lime, who have girl circuits are enjoying their peaceful life in Romana. Suddenly, the evil Star-Face and his sexadolls attack Romana in order to take over so Star-Face can become the next High Official. In order to truly become the next High Official and ruler of Romana, he must first eliminate Jr. This begins a battle for, not only Jr.'s life, but for all of Romana.
 The series follows the adventures of Sabu, a young Edo bakufu investigator traveling with the blind master swordsman Ichi. In their travels, they assist the common people in solving mysteries and righting wrongs (usually committed by bandits or corrupt officials). Sabu is engaged to Midori, the daughter of his boss, who works as a police officer for the Tokugawa shogunate.
 A “new school battle action” project by Sunrise. The tagline is “People’s memories change the world!”
 A recap special that will feature the battles of Alma and Knight. The past story of Knight will be described with new animations.
 Picture Drama included in Sacred Seven
 Sadamitsu, a high-school delinguents turned to a masked-hero, while not dealing with his rocky relationship with the strong female protagonist, he puts on a motorcycle-helmet-like mask and becomes a semi-robotic superhero who fights. He is assisted by other possibly- mechanical creatures in order to save the earth from the invasion of 20,000,000 escaped alien convicts.
 The life of Tomoyo Aki, a highschool otaku working part time to support his BD hoarding. With remarkable luck, he bumps head-first into, Megumi Kato, the most beautiful girl he has ever seen. Naturally, the meeting twists his life into a complicated torrent of relationships. Eriri Spencer Sawamura, his half-foreigner childhood friend who's always valued her relationship with MC. Kasumigaoka Utaha, a cold, composed renowned literary genius who shoves everyone aside from our protagonist. What is this? An eroge introduction?The tale of a small not quite doujin circle, but not quite indie studio's journey through the tough territory of comiket and beyond.
 Second season of Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata.
 After blessing software announced their first work, Eriri and Utaha leave the group to join popular creator Akane Kosaka in developing a major game called Fields Chronicle.Meanwhile, Tomoya and Megumi join hands with their new members and various other parties to produce their new game.What will become of Eriri and Utaha’s major work? Will the relationship between Tomoya and Megumi change? And what will be the ultimate fate of blessing software’s new game?
 Mini anime to promote the movie Saezuru Tori wa Habatakanai
 Yashiro is the young leader of Shinseikai and the president of the Shinseikai Enterprise, but like so many powerful men, he leads a double life as a deviant and a masochist. Doumeki Chikara comes to work as a bodyguard for him and, although Yashiro had decided that he would never lay a hand on his own men, he finds there's something about Doumeki that he can't resist. Yashiro makes advances toward Doumeki, but Doumeki has mysterious reasons for denying. Yashiro, who abuses his power just to abuse himself, and Doumeki, who faithfully obeys his every command, begin the tumultuous affair of two men with songs in their hearts and no wings to fly.
 Second movie of Saezuru Tori wa Habatakanai.
 After being best man at his best friend's (Saitou Toshihisa) wedding, Nagai Atsushi realizes that he might have fallen for him. Nagai, drowning in his sorrows and hatred for the new bride then meets Honda Kenzou, another guest at the wedding. Honda takes care of Nagai when he was dead drunk and now Nagai can't stop thinking of both Honda and Saitou.
 In a city of the dead, long since ruined and far from human civilization, lives a single human child. His name is Will, and he's being raised by three undead
 Second season of Saihate no Paladin.
 Second season of Saihate no Paladin.
 Lux, a former prince of an empire named Arcadia that was overthrown via a rebellion five years earlier. Lux accidentally trespasses in a female dormitory's bathing area, sees the kingdom's new princess Lisesharte naked, and incurs her wrath. Lisesharte then challenges Lux to a Drag-Ride duel. Drag-Rides are ancient armored mechanical weapons that have been excavated from ruins all around the world. Lux used to be called the strongest Drag-Knight, but now he's known as the "undefeated weakest" Drag-Knight because he will absolutely not attack in battle. After his duel with Lisesharte, Lux ends up attending the female-only academy that trains royals to be Drag-Knights.
 Shuji and Chise are two Hokkaido high school students barely starting a relationship with each other. Then, with no warning, a squadron of bombers from an unknown country destroy the city of Sapporo. All hope is lost when suddenly, the bombers are destroyed by a small red light floating across the sky. At this point, Shuji finds out that the one responsible for eliminating the enemy forces is Chise, who reveals herself as a cyborg engineered for mass-destruction.
 Shuuji and Chise are third year students at a high school in Hokkaido. The shy Chise is finally confessing to Shuuji, and finally the two of them are starting to exchange diary awkwardly. One day, Shuuji tries to escape from a sudden enemy air raid on Sapporo. While desperately escaping from the air raid, Shuuji sees a scene that he could not forget for his life. He sees Chise, with a huge weapon looking as if it was part of her hand, shooting the enemy fighters down one by one. Apparently, Chise is the ultimate weapon with destructive power which is important for the war.
 Shuji and Chise are two Hokkaido high school students barely starting a relationship with each other. Then, with no warning, a squadron of bombers from an unknown country destroy the city of Sapporo. All hope is lost when suddenly, the bombers are destroyed by a small red light floating across the sky. At this point, Shuji finds out that the one responsible for eliminating the enemy forces is Chise, who reveals herself as a cyborg engineered for mass-destruction.
 In the sky over Hakata city, fighter planes were flying and bombers are dropping bombs one after another. It became a sea of flames around Fukuoka Dome. At that time, a light appeared in the sky. In the shower of missiles, it intercepted enemy planes by its energy cannon. It was another “Ultimate Weapon”.In the meantime, Chise was suffered from the fact that she’d been turned into a weapon against her will, and she was thinking about Shuji. However, the army continued sending her to the battle fields.Whether another ultimate weapon is an enemy or a friend?This OVA will reveal another truth that wasn’t described in TV series.
 Saiki Kusuo has a wide array of superpowers at his command, including telepathy and telekinesis. This might sound awesome, but, in Kusuo's experience, superpowers are not all they're cracked up to be. He tries to live a normal life, despite his annoying abilities.
 Saiki Kusuo has a wide array of superpowers at his command, including telepathy and telekinesis. This might sound awesome, but, in Kusuo's experience, superpowers are not all they're cracked up to be. He tries to live a normal life, despite his annoying abilities.
 Saiki Kusuo has a wide array of superpowers at his command, including telepathy and telekinesis. This might sound awesome, but, in Kusuo's experience, superpowers are not all they're cracked up to be. He tries to live a normal life, despite his annoying abilities.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 The beautiful maid Lilith has recently been hired to care for the whims of her employer's son, Yuuri. However, Yuuri's overzealous skepticism of her every action keeps him on edge as he suspects devious mischief being plotted behind his back. Despite his paranoia, Lilith grows fond of Yuuri and often teases him as a way to further their bonding.Saikin Yatotta Maid ga Ayashii revolves around the relationship between the cautious Yuuri and his wonderfully charming maid in this day-to-day oddball romantic comedy.
 The beautiful maid Lilith has recently been hired to care for the whims of her employer's son, Yuuri. However, Yuuri's overzealous skepticism of her every action keeps him on edge as he suspects devious mischief being plotted behind his back. Despite his paranoia, Lilith grows fond of Yuuri and often teases him as a way to further their bonding.Saikin Yatotta Maid ga Ayashii revolves around the relationship between the cautious Yuuri and his wonderfully charming maid in this day-to-day oddball romantic comedy.
 No synopsis has been added for this series yet.
 The franchise has a theme of sumo, taiko drumming, and music. Characters in the franchise will have both a "sumode" and a "kamizmode," and can transform between them. Characters in the franchise will battle to become a yokozuna.
 After the betrayal of his companions, Haruyoshi, the strongest diviner, was on the verge of dying. Hoping to be happy in the next life, he attempted the secret reincarnation technique and was sent to a different world!Born into a family of magicians, the magic he didn't inherit paled in comparison to his previous abilities as an onmyouji. "Who needs magic? I'll survive in this world with my old techniques!"
 After the betrayal of his companions, Haruyoshi, the strongest diviner, was on the verge of dying. Hoping to be happy in the next life, he attempted the secret reincarnation technique and was sent to a different world!Born into a family of magicians, the magic he didn't inherit paled in comparison to his previous abilities as an onmyouji. "Who needs magic? I'll survive in this world with my old techniques!"
 This is the story of Mito Mitsukuni in mecha style. Prince of the Edon Star, Edward Mito begins a trip to the galaxy with his servant Baron Kalkus, Duke Skead and the ninja girl Shinobu. Under the false identity of Bocchan, Suke and Kaku they help the oppressed people and fight with the super robot Daioja.
 One day, Usagi Tsukino, clumsy 2nd-year middle school student (8th grader), stumbles upon a talking cat named Luna. Luna tells her that she is destined to be Sailor Moon, “champion of love and justice”, and she must search for the fabled Moon Princess. Usagi finds friends that turn out to be destined senshi as well, and together they fight to save the world from the certain doom brought upon by the Dark Kingdom (Queen Beryl, the generals, Metallia).
 Tsukino Usagi is a 14-year old girl in junior high. She's ditzy, whiny, and a crybaby. She often flunks her tests, and she is always scolded by her family. However after a bad day, Usagi is surprised to encounter a black cat that can talk! The cat, Luna, grants Usagi the power to transform into Sailor Moon, a fighter who is to save the world against the Dark Kingdom and its evil ruler, Queen Beryl.Of course, Usagi can't do it alone, and there are others who will help her on the way...
 Tsukino Usagi is a little clumsy and a crybaby, but she is also one spirited eighth grader. One day she meets Luna, a black cat with a crescent moon mark on her forehead, and transforms into the pretty sailor-suited guardian of love and justice, Sailor Moon. As a chosen guardian of justice, Usagi apparently has a mission to protect a princess, and to find her fellow Guardians and the Legendary Silver Crystal.Meanwhile, Queen Beryl of the Dark Kingdom sends her subordinates to the town where Usagi lives. They cause strange events to occur there, all in an effort to acquire the tremendously powerful Silver Crystal.Can Sailor Moon and the other Guardians successfully find the Legendary Silver Crystal, and protect the princess?
 The season adapted the Death Busters arc from the fifth and sixth volumes of the complete edition of Takeuchi Naoko's original Sailor Moon manga.

 The season is divided into two arcs
 When Mamoru was little he gave a rose to a little boy named Fiore. Fiore promised that one day he would bring Mamoru lots of flowers. Now Fiore has come back to earth but his intentions are not merely to fulfil a promise...
 When Mamoru was little he gave a rose to a little boy named Fiore. Fiore promised that one day he would bring Mamoru lots of flowers. Now Fiore has come back to earth but his intentions are not merely to fulfil a promise...
  Sailor Moon and the senshi are up against a new set of villains
 This season makes a turning point in the Sailor Moon story. The Sailor Senshi are confronted by a new enemy, the Death Busters. Rei had a premonition that this enemy would rule the world in an era called the Silence. To do this, the Death Busters need to find the three Talismans that would summon the Holy Grail. However, two mysterious Sailor Senshi, Sailor Uranus and Sailor Neptune, plan to find the Talismans before them... but without Sailor Moon's help.
 This season makes a turning point in the Sailor Moon story. The Sailor Senshi are confronted by a new enemy, the Death Busters. Rei had a premonition that this enemy would rule the world in an era called the Silence. To do this, the Death Busters need to find the three Talismans that would summon the Holy Grail. However, two mysterious Sailor Senshi, Sailor Uranus and Sailor Neptune, plan to find the Talismans before them... but without Sailor Moon's help.
 An unusual snow storm hits Tokyo and the Sailor Senshi discover that an evil snow queen Kaguya, wants to freeze the entire earth. It's up to the Inner Sailor Senshi along with the Outers, to defeat the Queen. Meanwhile, Luna falls in love with a human astronomer named Kakeru whose girlfriend is an astronaut about to take a space shuttle mission. Kakeru becomes ill and Luna wishes she could be a human to help him.
 SuperS centers heavily on Chibi-usa and the Sailor Team. A new enemy, the Dead Moon Circus, has now appeared. Their motive is to find the Golden Dream Mirror that would be used to rule the world. To do this, the enemy attacks innocent victims for their Dream Mirrors and test their energy. Chibi-usa also has a new ally on her side, Pegasus. This season also sees the Sailor Senshi obtaining new powers.
 SuperS centers heavily on Chibi-usa and the Sailor Team. A new enemy, the Dead Moon Circus, has now appeared. Their motive is to find the Golden Dream Mirror that would be used to rule the world. To do this, the enemy attacks innocent victims for their Dream Mirrors and test their energy. Chibi-usa also has a new ally on her side, Pegasus. This season also sees the Sailor Senshi obtaining new powers.
 In the ancient past, the Highest level of angels, the Six Saintly Beasts reigned supreme as the beast kings. Two of the Saint Beasts disobeyed Gods order and was sealed away in a Hellish place. Now after thousands of days and nights, the barrier has weakend and they escape. So the remaining four must go to Earth and stop them from causing trouble.
 A long time ago, Zeus, the great god, created a three-tier hierarchy of angels, top, middle and lower, although they were supposed to be equal. And Zeus also appointed 6 angels as Saint Beasts who govern the animals of Earth. They were
 During a case to catch a mysterious masked kidnapper who has been kidnapping young boys for a strange man, Kotono Hayama is working harder during this case. One night after returning home late alone, Kotono runs into a young boy who’s crying alone. With no where else to take him, Kotono brings him back to her home at Joshuna’s church where it is discovered that he has amnesia and cannot remember even his own name. While there, Natsuki Shirafuji, Kotono’s friend and fellow detective, arrives to add further information to the kidnapping case. Suddenly, the masked kidnapper appears and successfully kidnaps the boy, but Kotono chases after him and gets the boy back after a short scuffle.Just when all looks lost, the boy uses a magical power to bestow onto Kotono a similar power in order to defeat the kidnapper. After she won, he reveals that he has remembered what his name is
 Summary
 Ages ago,the goddess Athena was served by fighters called Saints who channeled the power of the Cosmos within them.Now a youth named Seiya has trained to become a Saint himself by earning the mystical Cloth of Pegasus.He is joined by other Saints with Cloths of their own to fight for Athena.
 Ever since the Age of the Gods, whenever evil draws near, a Saint will appear. Wielding the arms called a Cross, they battle to protect the goddess Athena who watches over the Earth. Amongst their number was the Bronze Pegasus Saint Seiya and his compatriots whose battles are legendary.Since then, much time has passed. Now, the revival of Mars, the god of war, draws near, and it is time for a new Saint to step into the breach!
 The Sacred war tale that took place during the 18th century is now unveiled. Tenma, Alone and Sasha, three orphans living their childhood protecting each other and then separated at diferent ages made a pact to meet again. Find themselves again connected but now in roles they never saw as posible. Pegasus, Hades and Athena. Its now time to fight but destiny can be bitter since war between Athena and Hades forces can put old friends and families face to face.
 Kido Saori is a young girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by Seiya from an assassin sent to kill her. Saori then learns she is the reincarnation of the Goddess Athena with Seiya being one of her 88 Saints. Upon learning of her destiny, she heads to the Sanctuary to wage war against its Pope. Seiya, alongside fellow Bronze Saints Hyouga, Shiryuu, Shun, and Ikki must pass through the twelve Zodiac Temples in Athena's Sanctuary in twelve hours, in order to save their goddess Athena from imminent death. They must confront each of the twelve Gold Saints that guard each of the temples in order to reach the cure that will save Athena.
 The whole Sanctuary was misled into danger due to the civil war instigated by the Gemini Gold Saint, Saga. Our story begins right after the end of those events... This is a story of the girls protecting Athena. These are the records of love and fierce fights they meet while opposing destiny on their way to maturity...(Source
 New Saint Seiya project.
 Eris is the goddess of chaos and uses the body of Elien, who is a friend of Hyoga, to revive herself. She obtains the golden apple to drain Athena's life energy to make her ressurection complete and to be able to turn the world in a place filled with chaos. But to be able to attack Eris, Seiya and his friends will first have to defeat the Ghost Knights.
 After the 12 Gold Saints sacrifice their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall, The Bronze Saints enter the deepest realm of the Underworld, Elysion, where they face off aganist Hades’s two most powerful servants
 Seiya and the rest of the Bronze and Gold Saints who have survived the Sanctuary battle have entered the world of the Dead. They are fighting to get to Hades and defeat him.
 Hades is planning to take over the world, to achieve that goal, he sends out deceased Gold Saints to take Athena’s head. Seiya and the other Bronze Saints come to help but their help isn’t appreciated by the remainig Gold Saints that are still alive.
 The sequel to Saint Seiya
 Saiunkoku is a world of eight provinces or houses, each named after a different colour. The new Emperor, Shi Ryuuki, has gained for a reputation for being uninterested in courtly matters and for flaunting his love for men. Shuurei, although born of the important Kou family, has difficulty making ends meet. She easily accepts an invitation to be the Emperor’s concubine in order to turn him into a good ruler.The mysterious Seiran, a young man who was adopted by her father, goes with her as Ryuuki’s bodyguard. Entering the imperial palace revives Shuurei’s dream of being a court official, and, together with the many companions she meets along the way, continues moving bravely forward while trying to fend off the Emperor’s advances.
 Saiunkoku is a world of eight provinces or houses, each named after a different colour. The new Emperor, Shi Ryuuki, has gained for a reputation for being uninterested in courtly matters and for flaunting his love for men. Shuurei, although born of the important Kou family, has difficulty making ends meet. She easily accepts an invitation to be the Emperor's concubine in order to turn him into a good ruler. The mysterious Seiran, a young man who was adopted by her father, goes with her as Ryuuki's bodyguard. Entering the imperial palace revives Shuurei's dream of being a court official, and, together with the many companions she meets along the way, continues moving bravely forward while trying to fend off the Emperor's advances.
 Shuurei Kou and her friend Eigetsu To, a boy prodigy of humble origins, have been appointed co-governors of the Sa province, one of the eight provinces in Saiunkoku. Together, they decide to make the province an academic research center in the hopes of bringing a long overdue prosperity to the region.However, while Shuurei goes to the capital to obtain approvals for the ambitious project, the Sa province's recently established tranquility is threatened by a pandemic that brings both death and turmoil as it begins to spread among the people. Counting on Eigetsu to monitor the situation until her return, Shuurei seeks support from her allies to find a suitable treatment. Yet, Eigetsu's past personal conflicts distract him, providing an opportunity for opponents of Shuurei's position to take advantage of the troubles and undermine her authority.Becoming a government official has been Shuurei's lifelong dream, but it is no easy task for the first woman undertaking such a position. Will she step up and overcome this great challenge or give in to the looming adversities?
 Shuurei needs to deal with more obstacles in the new series. More danger comes her way but at the same time meeting friends who will help her with her work as an official.
 Many years ago, humans and demons lived in harmony. But that unity ended when demons started attacking humans and plotted a mission to unleash Gyumao - an evil demon imprisoned for thousands of years. Now, Genjo Sanzo, a rogue priest, must team up with three demons - Sha Gojyo, Son Goku, and Cho Hakkai - and embark on a perilous journey to the west to stop these demons from resurrecting Gyumao and restore the balance between humans and demons on Earth.
 500 years before Saiyuki, a heretic child with golden eyes is brought to Heaven and given into the reluctant care of a minor deity, Konzen, nephew of the Merciful Goddess Kanzeon Bosatsu. Konzen eventually names him “Goku”. Goku befriends two other minor gods, Marshal Tenpou and General Kenren of the Western Army of Heaven, and a boy who seems to be his age, the War Prince Nataku. Though Goku is happy in his new home, Heaven is not kind to heretics.
 The Sanzo Ikkou continues its westward journey, on a mission to prevent a demonic resurrection. As Genjo Sanzo, Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku fight their way to their goal, their path is fraught with internal strife. When they encounter a formidable pair of adversaries from the west, the cohesion of the group -- and the fate of the mission -- may be at stake.
  Priest Genjo Sanzo and companions Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku maintain their westward journey to stop the resurrection of the demon Gyoumao. As the reputation of the Sanzo Ikkou precedes them, they continue to fight demon assassins at every turn, but they must also deal with increasing tensions within their group in order to defeat a powerful enemy.

 The gang is traveling along when they find a girl in need. Of course, they all can't resist going after her. This girl isn't all that she seems... her motive or her "humanity".... and soon the whole gang has Sanzo's past on their hands and one certain young boy who can keep a grudge for decades...
 The gang is traveling along when they find a girl in need. Of course, they all can't resist going after her. This girl isn't all that she seems... her motive or her "humanity".... and soon the whole gang has Sanzo's past on their hands and one certain young boy who can keep a grudge for decades...
 Alakazam is a young and brave monkey who convinces all the other monkeys to make him their king. After attaining the throne and learning magic, he becomes so vain that he goes to heaven to challenge the gods. He is defeated by King Amo, and sentenced to serve as the bodyguard of Prince Amat in order to learn humility.
 Taking place in the past it offers a view at the Saiyuuki quartet before their formation and their journey to the west. First OVA starts with Sanzo and his master, also with Ukoku (known as a later Ni Jianyi). Second OVA shows first meeting of Goku and Sanzo. Third OVA considers the events after Hakkai's sins and his trial (that we know from first season of "Saiyuuki") and his decision to live in Gojyo's house.
 Once, the land of Togenkyo was a peaceful land, where humans and yokai lived together. Then, however, men appeared who tried to revive Gyumaoh, the Great Yokai who was slain by the war god Nataku Taishi and buried in Houtou Castle 500 years ago, by using a forbidden combination of chemistry and magicThe negative energy waves this created spread across Togenkyo, causing the yokai to go insane and attack humanity. To save the land, Kanzeon bosatsu orders Son Goku, Genjyo Sazno, Sha Gojyo, and Cho Hakkai to go west. The four set out on a journey to stop the experiment to revive Gyumaoh.On the way, they meet Hazel Grouse, who employs strange magic that uses yokai souls to revive the dead, and his follower Gato. The two of them join the party. And Ukoku Sanzo, a man they have a long history with, approaches in the shadows...Unforgettable characters, intense personal drama, and awesome action in a story about the bonds between four men!
 Because of his father’s job situation, freshman high school student Kaoru Nishimi moves by himself from Yokosuka to Kyushu to live with relatives. Until then, Kaoru was an honor roll student who tended to keep to himself, but meeting notorious bad boy Sentaro Kawabuchi starts to change him.Through his devil-may-care classmate, Kaoru learns the attractions of jazz and finds the first person he can call a “friend”. He also discovers how much fun it is to play music with a pal. Other characters include Sentaro’s kind childhood chum, Ritsuko, who is the daughter of a record shop owner; the mysterious upperclassman, Yurika; and Brother Jun, the much-admired leader among their peers. Set against the backdrop of a seaside town with a scent of American culture, this series is a drama about young people coming into their own, crossing each other’s paths, and finding friendship, love, and music!
 The beginning of summer, 1966.Because of his father's job situation, freshman high school student Kaoru Nishimi moves by himself from Yokosuka to Kyushu to live with relatives. Until then, Kaoru was an honor roll student who tended to keep to himself, but meeting notorious bad boy Sentaro Kawabuchi starts to change him. Through his devil-may-care classmate, Kaoru learns the attractions of jazz and finds the first person he can call a "friend". He also discovers how much fun it is to play music with a pal.Other characters include Sentaro's kind childhood chum, Ritsuko, who is the daughter of a record shop owner; the mysterious upperclassman, Yurika; and Brother Jun, the much-admired leader among their peers. Set against the backdrop of a seaside town with a scent of American culture, this series is a drama about young people coming into their own, crossing each other's paths, and finding friendship, love, and music!
 The story follows the daily life of the "coolest" high school student, Sakamoto. As soon as he transfers to his new school, he attracts the attention of not just his class but the whole student body, and his jealous classmates' attempts to bully him repeatedly backfire and instead make Sakamoto look cooler.
 Sophisticated, suave, sublime; all words which describe the exceedingly handsome and patently perfect Sakamoto. Though it is only his first day in high school, his attractiveness, intelligence, and charm already has the girls swooning and the guys fuming with jealousy. No one seems able to derail him, as all attempts at tripping him up are quickly foiled. His sangfroid is indomitable, his wits peerless. Will any of Sakamoto's classmates, or even teachers, be able to reach his level of excellence? Probably not, but they just might learn a thing or two trying...
 Unaired episode 13 included with the fifth Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Unaired episode 13 included with the fifth Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a "danger zone" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the "danger zone," Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold.
 In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a "danger zone" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the "danger zone," Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold.
 A world, forever beyond your expectations. In a dark, cramped, underground world of endless tunnels and shafts, people wear protective suits and live out their modest yet happy lives.The princess of the underground community, Patema, goes out exploring as always, inspired by her curiosity of the unknown depths of the world. Her favorite spot is the “danger zone”, an area forbidden by the “rule” of the community. Despite being frequently chastised by her caretaker Jii, she cannot hold back her curiosity for the reason behind the rule, because no one would tell her what the “danger” was. When she approaches the hidden “secret”, the story begins.
 Description
 Bundled with limited special first edition of the 14th volume of the Saki manga.
 Saki picture drama included in the DVD volumes 3 through 9.
 The Achiga Girls’ Academy in Nara once defeated regional mahjong powerhouse Bansei High School. It advanced into the national team semifinals but lost to the eventual champion, and the mahjong club was later disbanded.Six years later, elementary school student Shizuno Takakamo befriends transfer student Nodoka Haramura. The two eventually enter Achiga Girls’, but Nodoka transfers out of the school in the second year. When Shizuno sees Nodoka on television the following year as the national middle school individual mahjong champion, she decides to revive Achiga’s mahjong club.
 Sequel to the Saki series covering the Inter High School Mahjong Championships. The Combined Training Arc will be also re-animated.
 Otokojuku
 Otokojuku, a private school for juvenile delinquents that were previously expelled from normal schools. At this school, Japanese chivalry is taught through the feudal and military fundamentals. Similar to an action film, the classes are overwhelmed by violence. Only those who survive it become true men.
 Far in the future, the human beings were pushed into the deep underground world called Labyrinth and they are living shoulder-to-shoulder. The Labyrinth has several colonies with severe settings such as one having an insanely high temperature, while another is full of gold and silver. Among those, in a colony of Pinyin, resides a curious nine-year-old girl named Memempuu and her father Gaganbar. As "workers" aiming for survival, they live with the lowest profession of riding a working robot to dig ore.One day, Memempuu pestered Gaganbar, a cave examiner who makes maps of the internal part of Labyrinth, to go travel together with her to find her mother. As a "marker," Gaganbar holds the most dangerous yet attractive profession. One step outside the colony is already deemed to be a dangerous area and meeting a huge mysterious creature that loiters the cave, one's chance of living will be cut down to five percent. Since it is a dangerous racket to explore the unknown world, the map they hold is valuable and can be sold at a high price. However, is the price for their curiosity higher? What could be the cruel truth that is hidden among them? What awaits at the end of the test? In this travel story between a father and a daughter surrounds adventure with family love.
 A Keio University (one of the top three colleges in Japan) exam candidate, Touma Inaba, is interupted when a cute young girl, Urara Kasuga, arrives at his hotel room door. She later turns out to be his cousin who he barely remembers from his childhood. Urara, who had felt something special for him (an other-than-cousinly-love), invites Touma to live with her since he has no place to stay other than the hotel room. Before taking the test, Touma meets Meiko Yotsuba, a beautiful, sophisticated woman also trying to get into Keio. Meiko gets into Keio but Touma does not, due to a cold Urara had given him shortly before. Although he did not make it, he pretends he does to earn the respect of Meiko. Touma is caught up in a love triangle with Urara and Meiko, while struggling to keep Meiko believing he's really a Keio student and still be there for Urara at the same time.
 Freelancer Touno Kouhei, office lady Hamada Saori, and graphic designer Ginji realize that they're not content in their current jobs, and break free to pursue their dreams - as a musician, a photographer, and an artist, respectively.
 A Keio University (one of the top three colleges in Japan) exam candidate, Touma Inaba, is interupted when a cute young girl, Urara Kasuga, arrives at his hotel room door.She later turns out to be his cousin who he barely remembers from his childhood. Urara, who had felt something special for him (an other-than-cousinly-love), invites Touma to live with her since he has no place to stay other than the hotel room. Before taking the test, Touma meets Meiko Yotsuba, a beautiful, sophisticated woman also trying to get into Keio. Meiko gets into Keio but Touma does not, due to a cold Urara had given him shortly before. Although he did not make it, he pretends he does to earn the respect of Meiko. Touma is caught up in a love triangle with Urara and Meiko, while struggling to keep Meiko believing he’s really a Keio student and still be there for Urara at the same time. Genres
 In the wake of a nationwide movement during the Bubble economy period, a small town in the countryside has revived its "mini-nation" tourism program; hiring five girls as travel ambassadors. The series will follow a year's time of the five girls as they work in the tourism agency of a small failing town in an effort to reinvigorate it.
 In the wake of a nationwide movement during the Bubble economy period, a small town in the countryside has revived its "mini-nation" tourism program; hiring five girls as travel ambassadors. The series will follow a year's time of the five girls as they work in the tourism agency of a small failing town in an effort to reinvigorate it.
 An unseen evil lurks in the streets of Paris. Unless something is done, the darkness will unleash its destruction and consume all that is good. The City of Love will be lost to her people forever. All hope rests within the hearts of five young ladies. The only problem is, they don't even know it yet. But will an apprenticed nun, a reserved aristocrat, a hardened criminal, a traveling circus emcee and a Japanese girl experiencing loss set aside their unique differences and come together as one for the defense of many. The Paris Fighting Troup is born.
 An unseen evil lurks in the streets of Paris. Unless something is done, the darkness will unleash its destruction and consume all that is good. The City of Love will be lost to her people forever. All hope rests within the hearts of five young ladies. The only problem is, they don't even know it yet. But will an apprenticed nun, a reserved aristocrat, a hardened criminal, a traveling circus emcee and a Japanese girl experiencing loss set aside their unique differences and come together as one for the defense of many. The Paris Fighting Troup is born.
 The end of the demon wars has ended and now the Flower Division has been able to rest up after their fighting. The second Sakura Wars developes studies on every Flower Division Combatee in every episode while they go on their miscellanious adventures around Japan.
 The end of the demon wars has ended and now the Flower Division has been able to rest up after their fighting. The second Sakura Wars developes studies on every Flower Division Combatee in every episode while they go on their miscellanious adventures around Japan.
 After Ichiro Ogami's departure, the girls of the Paris Flower Defense Force are left debating who will be the next captain, while a centuries-old threat surfaces.
 6.55Ranked #5881Popularity #7008Members 5,181OVARadixAdd to List(6) FineEpisodes
 Set after the time of Sakura Taisen 4 (game), Kanzaki Sumire, during a training session was noticed that her spirit power (rei-ryoku) has dropped tremendously, below levels required to pilot the Koubu-nishiki. She decides to retire from the Kageki-dan while she still holds the position of "top star" in the dai-teikoku gekijyou.
 The project is a spinoff from Circus's D.C. Da Capo franchise and features the Yoshino Sakura character as a seemingly ordinary third grader with secret special powers.
 Beiyi used a strategy to attack Baicheng, an important town in the northern border of Daqi Kingdom. Tang Yao, the guard of Baicheng, led his people to resist desperately, but they were outnumbered, and all sacrificed. Only the second daughter, Tang Ying, survived.What makes Tang Ying even more indignant is that his father sacrificed his life for the country, but in return he was charged with collaborating with the enemy. In order to take the place of her father, Tang Yingyi went to the capital, but found that things were not as simple as imagined.Is Yuan Lang, the second prince of the Daqi Kingdom who has been hostage for decades, related to Beiyi?Why is the woman pretending to be herself so strangely similar?What happened to the otherworldly person that Yao Niang from the movie department was talking about?There are also those strange and familiar memories that appeared nervously... There are too many mysteries waiting for Tang Ying to answer.

 Departures are moments that evoke both hope and melancholy. Tabi Machi Late Show examines how these ambivalent emotions continue to persist long beyond that singular moment of parting. Azuma reminisces about her mentor as she sees off her own student; Kumeno recalls her short, turbulent friendship with Koizumi; Yukari meets an old friend during the Lantern Festival; and Sakurada fondly remembers the numerous students she has met during her teaching career.Structured around a theme of goodbyes and journeys, Tabi Machi Late Show is composed of four intimate, slice-of-life vignettes that wistfully examine the lasting impressions people leave on one another.
 The anime's story centers on Akari (a quiet high schooler who has inherited a love of travel from her older sister, who took care of her in place of often absent parents) and Nagi (Akari's cheerful classmate who willingly jumps into any activity, and becomes interested in Akari due to her mysterious air), who travel throughout Japan.
 Movie based on the Ami series of the Cream Lemon franchise. This movie was co-aired with Project A-Ko movie.
 After being rushed to a flight by her mother at the airport, a young girl loses her most prized possession, a plush toy named Daru. Awakened by the girl's tears, Daru sets forth on a grand adventure to find her, crossing continents, communicating with animals and statues alike, and even making a new caterpillar friend along the way. As time passes, will Daru ever be reunited with his beloved owner?
 Seigi, a martial arts trained middle schooler, often feels driven to protect the weaker people around him. One day, he defends a homeless man against some punks, and the man gives him a strange tattoo on his palm in return. The tattoo is a secret weapon produced in the arms race between America and the Serinistan Kingdom.Seigi finds himself in over his head when a powerful girl, using the same secret weapon, violently pursues him in order to retrieve it. His skill at martial arts may not be enough to keep him alive, but will he be able to learn how to trigger the power of his tattoo in time?
 Seigi, a martial arts trained middle schooler, often feels driven to protect the weaker people around him. One day, he defends a homeless man against some punks, and the man gives him a strange tattoo on his palm in return. The tattoo is a secret weapon produced in the arms race between America and the Serinistan Kingdom.Seigi finds himself in over his head when a powerful girl, using the same secret weapon, violently pursues him in order to retrieve it. His skill at martial arts may not be enough to keep him alive, but will he be able to learn how to trigger the power of his tattoo in time?
 When Natsuno Hanabi went back to her hometown to study in high school, she thought that she will have a new wonderful life. But Tachibanakan, the dormitory she was going to live in, was not what she expected.
 In the near future the world’s climate shifted creating in the Western Pacific a perpetual super cyclone
 In the near future the world’s climate shifted creating in the Western Pacific a perpetual super cyclone
 Kantarou has had the 6th sense to see demons for as long as he can remember, and has become friends with them, but also has the job of “yokai busting”. With his tengu and his kitsune, they solve mysteries, and help the yokai situation in Japan.
 Ichinomiya Kantarou grew up with the ability to see demons, but was isolated and bullied by others who did not share the same gift. Instead, he became being friends with the demons, gaining a great attachment to their existence. One day, Kantarou was told about the strongest demon, the one known as the ogre-eating Tengu. Amazed by the news of his strength, Kantarou vowed to find this demon who was far stronger than any other, deciding to call him Haruka when he did so. Since this time, Kantarou searched far and wide for the ogre-eating Tengu with no luck, making his living by becoming a folklore writer and demon-buster. On a particular job, Kantarou had finally found news of a nearby shrine supposedly the place where the ogre-eating Tengu was sealed.
 In the story, Mitsuyoshi Tada, a boy who has never known love, is taking pictures of the cherry blossoms in full bloom when he meets Teresa Wagner, a transfer student from Luxembourg. Upon arriving in Japan, she got lost, separated from her travel companion. Mitsuyoshi helps her and brings her to his grandfather's coffee shop.
 In the story, Mitsuyoshi Tada, a boy who has never known love, is taking pictures of the cherry blossoms in full bloom when he meets Teresa Wagner, a transfer student from Luxembourg. Upon arriving in Japan, she got lost, separated from her travel companion. Mitsuyoshi helps her and brings her to his grandfather's coffee shop.
 The "Chibi Godzilla" project was launched to celebrate the 65th anniversary of Toho's Godzilla franchise.
 Second season of Tadaima! Chibi Godzilla.
 Qingcheng Mountain was destroyed and Xuanmen (Profound Gate) suffered a great calamity. Qing Yu's Altar Master Xing Xiang Zi ordered Zhu Dian's reincarnation, Leng Shuangning, to go to Kunlun and fight the Demon Army. The magic power was in the air, and the hidden feeling was bewildering. As the two of them boarded Kunlun, Black Hand was planning something behind the scenes..
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 A hot fighting game played at the girls' school!!Aya transferred into Kuromi Girls Academy a month ago with the goal of changing herself into a proper lady. After meeting the breathtaking Shirayuri, Aya is blown away by her elegance and posterity. Imagine her surprise when she finds Shirayuri after school playing... a fighting game?! And if that wasn't perplexing enough, she is challenged to a duel by the unladylike Shirayuri!
 After a strange and devastating attack on his home, a young boy named Rai is shocked to discover he's a secret descendent of the Tigeroids
 The film takes place on a certain isolated island, at a certain middle school, and on the eve of the culture festival. A boy quits baseball after playing his whole life and has a fight with his best friend. Then, they suddenly meet a mysterious, red-eyed girl named Noruda, and a huge typhoon hits the middle school.
 A series of four minute claymation shows. Each episode shows the different antics of the various Taiko no Tatsujin characters.
 Tomoe Shiro, a formidable racer with a very promising career, experiments a U-turn when a serious accident puts his life at stake. He recovers miraculously though when his heart is replaced with the engine of his own racing car. However, because of that very reason, race regulations demote him to the category of a mere mechanical part of the vehicle and is deprived from the right to participate as a pilot in regular races. Only in a far away colonial planet, along with a multitude of other charismatic pilots also vetoed from participating in regular competitions, will he be given the opportunity to race for his pride and the money of the prize. And so this exciting rally starts!!
 The 35th Test Platoon of Antimagic academy, they're one of squads enrolled at academy specializing in raising the witch hunters, whose job is to find, neutralize any magical threats!Unfortunately they're a group of failures nicknamed "Small Fry Platoon," a platoon formed from bunch of self-centered people who can't cooperate and have personality problems.Will they manage to overcome their weaknesses and shine as the strongest platoon?
 Hiiragi Kyouichirou is a boy who travels from his provincial town to Tokyo to attend university. He carries with him his family's sword to protect himself. When he arrives in Tokyo, he becomes swept up in a plot by the Imperial army.
 Year 2002. Japan's gymnastics world was once strong. Former Japanese representative Shoutarou Aragaki (29), who devoted his time to gymnastics, was unable to perform as expected. Even so, after training on a daily basis, his coach Amakusa recommends Shoutarou to retire. However, the fate of the Aragaki family will change significantly due to a certain "encounter."
 Year 2002. Japan's gymnastics world was once strong. Former Japanese representative Shoutarou Aragaki (29), who devoted his time to gymnastics, was unable to perform as expected. Even so, after training on a daily basis, his coach Amakusa recommends Shoutarou to retire. However, the fate of the Aragaki family will change significantly due to a certain "encounter."
 The story is centered around a small group of guerilla freedom fighters on a colonial planet named Deployer, who are known as the "Deployer 7", or "Sun Fang" team. In an unexpected coup, the elected Governor of Deployer becomes dictator and rules Deployer under martial law with the support of Earth's Federation. Fighting for independence from Earth's Federation influence, the freedom fighters begin a rebellion against the Federation's Combat Armors using a Combat Armor of their own
 On August 10 2002, the eruption of Mount Fuji, as well as a series of large-scale earthquakes tsunamis inflict tremendous damage to Japan, sending the country into a state of emergency. Furthermore, another massive earthquake hit Japan on August 15, splitting the country into two. While Japanese refugees were taken in by various countries, the Japanese government accepted aid from China and the United States, which eventually caused China to govern the North, and the USA to govern the South. 15 years later, the Japanese refugees residing in Taiwan and the Taiwanese citizens find themselves clashing with one another, due to job competition and the unimproving conditions of the Japanese refugees. Genichiro Ryu is a survivor of the catastrophic events that took place in Japan, but was raised in Taiwan by a couple who adopted him. He gets himself involved in the situation between the Taiwanese and the Japanese, hoping that the two parties will be able to coexist with one another.
 An evil alien life form, Dryus, assaulted the Earth. The leader of Space Patrol, Fighbird, pursed Dryus to the Earth. Fighbird combined with an android that Dr. Amano was developing. Fighbird named Hidori Ryutaro and fight against Dryus to protect the peace of the Earth. At first look, he was a normal person, but because he was an alien, Fibird, his acts were a bit away from the normal persons'. Usually, he worked for Dr. Amano as an assistant. He looked uncouth always wearing while coat and glasses. However, once enemy appears, his personality changed dramatically.
 A spin-off from Teekyuu which centers on the daily life of Nasuno Takamiya, the "exceedingly airheaded" school tennis club member in Teekyuu, and her friends.
 A spin-off from Teekyuu which centers on the daily life of Nasuno Takamiya, the "exceedingly airheaded" school tennis club member in Teekyuu, and her friends.
 Summary of the first season of the show, as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements.
 Special episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie.
 The award-winning short, independent anime Takano Intersection is professional animator Mizuki Ito’s directorial debut. It was released on YouTube in September 2021.
 Jim Hawkins is a young boy lead by progressive events to embark on a search journey for the legendary treasure of the once dreaded pirate, Captain Flint. On their way to Treasure Island, John Silver, Jim's best friend, take over command of the ship revealing his true self as the ruthless pirate who once was the right hand of Flint himself. Feeling betrayed, Jim now has to deal with his mixed feelings and face Silver who still consider himself and Jim as friends.
 When his master dies, Gang Yong pledges to avenge his teacher at all costs. After training his martial arts skills in seclusion, Gang Yong sets off to hunt down the traitors and make them pay! But when he gets to town, he discovers they're... already dead? Well, what's he supposed to do now?!
 The second film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story).
 In the story of the anime, one day a black meteorite fell on the world, and the world completely changed. The meteorite produced grotesque monsters called D2, which started running rampant. D2 very quickly banned all music, which was the one thing able to overcome them. But there were some people who resisted the D2. They are young women who hold the power of music, the "Musicart." These young women hold "scores" that are able to defeat the monsters. And there are also people who lead these women, the Conductor.The anime takes place in America in the year 2047, which has fallen to ruin thanks to the D2. Takt, a Conductor, is partnered with a Musicart named Unmei. Takt yeans for music to be returned to the world, and Unmei wishes to destroy the D2. Their aim is to travel to New York.
 20-year-old Michiru Amatsuki moved to Tokyo due to a change of career. She decided to live in a woman-only share house "Stella House Haruno" with people of different age and occupations. It's always fun when there's delicious alcohol and meal!!
 20-year-old Michiru Amatsuki moved to Tokyo after a career change, and now finds herself living in a woman only share house, Stella House Haruno, with a few other women of varying age and occupation. Every night the girls settle down and have a drink or two (or more) as drama ensues.
 It tells the story of Ged, the most powerful wizard in Earthsea, and his attempts to protect Prince Arren from the evil machinations of rival wizard Cob. Together with Therru, a young girl he rescues from slave takers, Arren must unite with Ged to defeat Cob and return balance to their world.
 Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Lebannen, a young distraught teenage boy. While Lebannen may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Tehanu. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. He can use the boy's "fears" against the very one who would help him, Ged.
 Short animated TV special depicting the prologue of the main story of TALES OF CRESTORIA, showing Kanata and Misella setting off on their journey.
 In order to prevent the catastrophe called the Grand Fall, Rid Hershel and his companions Farah, Keel and Meredy have obtained the three Greater Spirits (“Craymels” in the game version) of Inferia. En route to Mount Farlos, Rid is kidnapped by the bounty hunter Marone Blucarno, and the party is compelled to head to Belcarnu, an archipelago far from the major cities of Inferia. A series of adventures forces them to remain on the islands, where a more immediate threat to Inferia sleeps.
 Tales of Gekijou is the pre-order bonus for Tales of the Heroes
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 Long ago, this land was home to beasts the size of mountains that have now become petrified. Mana overflowed from their remains, drawing people who sought its power, and civilizations sprang up. People came to revere these mana-producing creatures, which they named 'Primordial Beasts'. They built their lives around them. Thus began the worship of the Primordial Beasts.Time flowed ever onward, to the present day... War erupts between the Jerle Federation, an alliance of countries who worship the Primordial Beasts, and the Gildllan Empire, which has enjoyed explosive development thanks to advanced technology. The fires of war burn ever brighter.The special animated feature will tell an important juncture in the story of Luminaria, congealing and bringing to life the game's theme of "confronting antagonistic ideas of justice"!
 Long ago, this land was home to beasts the size of mountains that have now become petrified. Mana overflowed from their remains, drawing people who sought its power, and civilizations sprang up. People came to revere these mana-producing creatures, which they named 'Primordial Beasts'. They built their lives around them. Thus began the worship of the Primordial Beasts.Time flowed ever onward, to the present day... War erupts between the Jerle Federation, an alliance of countries who worship the Primordial Beasts, and the Gildllan Empire, which has enjoyed explosive development thanks to advanced technology. The fires of war burn ever brighter.The special animated feature will tell an important juncture in the story of Luminaria, congealing and bringing to life the game's theme of "confronting antagonistic ideas of justice"!
 Cless Alvein, a young swordsman from the town of Totus, along with his friend Mint Adnade, a healer with the talent of Mana, are sent back in time to defeat Dhaos, a sorcerer imprisoned by their parents decades ago. Along with the help of the archer Chester Barklight, the summoner Klarth F. Lester and the half-elf Arche Klaine, they seek to right the wrongs of Dhaos and return peace to the land. Based on the 1995 Super Famicom Game by NAMCO, “Tales of Phantasia.”
 A puppet parody of the Tales of franchise, filled with gags and help explain the popular RPG to newcomers.
 Based on the same-name Game Cube and Play Station game, “Tales of Symphonia”. Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Choosen one is send on a journey to restore that world’s mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Choosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration.
 Based on the same-name Game Cube and Play Station game, “Tales of Symphonia”. Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Choosen one is send on a journey to restore that world’s mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Choosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration.
 Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Choosen one is send on a journey to restore that world’s mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Choosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration.
 The third and final OVA series concluding the story of Tales of Symphonia
 Luke fon Fabre, the spoiled son of a noble from the kingdom of Kimlasca-Lavaldear, has been confined inside his father’s mansion ever since he was kidnapped seven years ago by a rival country, the Malkuth Empire. Now Luke’s memory of the life he led before is missing, and a strange voice, which only he can hear, has been calling out to him ever since.One day while training with his mentor, Van Grants, a strange woman called Tear breaks into the mansion with the sole intent of taking Van’s life. During the struggle Luke is transported far from home, along with Tear, and now that Luke has finally gained the freedom he’s been dreaming of, what awaits him in the outside world will shatter everything he’s ever known about himself.
 A long time has passed since the end of a massive war between humans and monsters. A new type of energy named aer was discovered. When crystallized, this substance became the energy source for blastia, an ancient civilization's technology that provided a wide array of essential abilities for humanity. Despite it's manipulation, mankind still has little knowledge of what exactly is aer. On a mission to eradicate a horde of monsters near the town of Shizotania, a group of knights comes across a strange surge of aer.Yuri Lowell and Flynn Scifo are two new members fresh out of the academy of this knight division. Both are childhood friends who went separate ways, but ended up meeting each other once again while enlisting to serve the Empire.
 Ten years after the Great War against the demon-beasts, the empire rules over the world and prosperity relies on the massive use of aer.Yuri Lowell and Flynn Scifo are two young men who have just enrolled the ranks of the prestigious Imperial Knights. One day, they are sent to the town of Ceazontania, where abnormal aer activity has reportedly caused the proliferation of horribly mutated beasts, with serious threat for the whole region.Meanwhile, the Knights Supreme Commander Alexei Denoia and the naive Princess Estellise are involved in a behind-the-curtains struggle for power in the capital. The situation in Ceazontania deteriorates as the garrison of Imperial Knights finds that they cannot expect any immediate support from the capital.Then, Niren Fedrok, commander of the Imperial Knights in Ceazontania, takes an unexpected decision that is going to change Yuri and Flynn's destiny forever.What are the secrets behind the extraordinary events that are happening around Yuri and Flynn? Will they be able to defend the innocent people of Ceazontania and stay true to their beliefs?
 The second season of Tales of Zestiria the X.
 The second season of Tales of Zestiria the X.
 TV anime special of Bandai Namco Games' Tales of Zestiria role-playing game.
 TV anime special of Bandai Namco Games' Tales of Zestiria role-playing game.
 Everybody loves somebody.
 As she edges toward the end of her high school life, the energetic but generally clueless third-year Tamako Kitashirakawa has only one major concern
 Tamako knows just about everything there is to know about mochi, the traditional Japanese dessert treats. When she’s not attending her first year of high school, she even invents new flavors and varieties for Tama-ya, her family’s mochi shop. School and growing up, on the other hand, are some things that she’s still trying to find the right recipe for. But with the help of her best friends Kanna and Midori, two girls whose parents run businesses in the same shopping district, Tamako’s determined to make the best of things.It’s complicated though, especially when it comes to emotions and her relationship with her best boy friend Mochizo, whose family runs a rival mochi shop. And lately, Kanna’s been feeling a little odd about her feelings towards Tamako as well. And what’s with up with that strange bird fluttering around, the one that speaks fluent Japanese? It’s all very mysterious and overwhelming, but at least Tamako always has one thing she can count on
 Inside the Usagiyama Shopping District lies an eccentric but close-knit community of business owners. Tamako Kitashirakawa, a clumsy though adorable teenage girl, belongs to a family of mochi bakers who own a quaint shop called Tama-ya. One day, Tamako stumbles upon a talking bird that presents himself as royalty from a distant land. Dera Mochimazzi, as he calls himself, states that he’s seeking a bride for his country’s prince. Intent on his mission, Dera follows Tamako home and develops an addiction to mochi, becoming painfully overweight and subsequently unable to fly back to his homeland; thus, he takes up residence with Tamako's family and becomes the community’s beloved mascot.Meanwhile, Tamako's friend, Mochizou Ooji, continues to hide his true feelings for her. Their fathers are fierce mochi rivals, but will it be enough to drive a wedge between Tamako and Mochizou? And just what will happen to Dera's task of finding his prince’s destined bride?
 Tamako knows just about everything there is to know about mochi, the traditional Japanese dessert treats. When she’s not attending her first year of high school, she even invents new flavors and varieties for Tama-ya, her family’s mochi shop. School and growing up, on the other hand, are some things that she’s still trying to find the right recipe for. But with the help of her best friends Kanna and Midori, two girls whose parents run businesses in the same shopping district, Tamako’s determined to make the best of things.It’s complicated though, especially when it comes to emotions and her relationship with her best boy friend Mochizo, whose family runs a rival mochi shop. And lately, Kanna’s been feeling a little odd about her feelings towards Tamako as well. And what’s with up with that strange bird fluttering around, the one that speaks fluent Japanese? It’s all very mysterious and overwhelming, but at least Tamako always has one thing she can count on
 Tamako knows just about everything there is to know about mochi, the traditional Japanese dessert treats. When she’s not attending her first year of high school, she even invents new flavors and varieties for Tama-ya, her family’s mochi shop. School and growing up, on the other hand, are some things that she’s still trying to find the right recipe for. But with the help of her best friends Kanna and Midori, two girls whose parents run businesses in the same shopping district, Tamako’s determined to make the best of things.It’s complicated though, especially when it comes to emotions and her relationship with her best boy friend Mochizo, whose family runs a rival mochi shop. And lately, Kanna’s been feeling a little odd about her feelings towards Tamako as well. And what’s with up with that strange bird fluttering around, the one that speaks fluent Japanese? It’s all very mysterious and overwhelming, but at least Tamako always has one thing she can count on
 It's the year 2010 on the planet of cats, where lies Meguro City, a megalopolis entirely controlled by the super-corporation Catty & Co. The nefarious influence of this corporate empire extends malignantly across the feline galaxy. Tamala, a carefree, one-year-old kitten, decides to flee this cruel reality and boards her spaceship in search of her planet of origin.
 In her Junior High years, the pitcher Yomi Takeda was not able to get very far in a cross-school baseball tournament. Since the catcher on her team wasn't at her level, she couldn't use her signature move, the "Magic Throw," and eventually regretted not being able to use it. After Junior High, she decided to stop playing baseball and went to Shin Koshigaya High School, a school without a baseball club.There, she found her long lost childhood friend, Tamaki Yamazaki, who used to play catchball with her when they were kids. Tamaki also played baseball during her Junior High years as a catcher, and could even catch Yomi's "Magic Throw!"Their promise with each other during their childhood could now be fulfilled! Walking together on the road of baseball once again...The story of the girls who love baseball will begin!
 A "healing story" OVA from director Satou Junichi, the director of Aria and Umi Monogatari. The story takes place in Seto Inland Sea and is about a girl who likes taking pictures.
 The first movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
 As a little girl, Fuu Sawatari’s father taught her to love photography. They took pictures everywhere they went. But after he passed away, seeing those photographs only served as a reminder of her loss, so she locked them away to be forgotten. Years later, her brother Kou finds their father’s picture album, and as he flips through its pages, the pictures remind Fuu of all the happy memories of her father that she will carry with her forever.Now, as the shy Fuu enters her first year of high school, she once again takes up her father’s old camera, determined to take wonderful pictures that will bring joy and happiness to others.
 Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
 The second season of Tamayura
 OVA (episode 8.5) of Tamayura
 The second movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
 The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.
 The final movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.

 Sighing, leaning on his elbows, sleepy eyes. Tanaka-kun is a boy that basically doesn't try but isn't disliked. This is a laid-back youth comedy about Tanaka-kun and the quiet Oota who can't leave him alone.
 For high school student Tanaka, the act of being listless is a way of life. Known for his inattentiveness and ability to fall asleep anywhere, Tanaka prays that each day will be as uneventful as the last, seeking to preserve his lazy lifestyle however he can by avoiding situations that require him to exert himself. Along with his dependable friend Oota who helps him with tasks he is unable to accomplish, the lethargic teenager constantly deals with events that prevent him from experiencing the quiet and peaceful days he longs for.
 A series of shorts featuring super-deformed characters from the the show Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge.
 Aki Itou is a normal highschool girl doing normal things
 Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near.
 Due to the influence of someone who visited her town when she was a child, Princess Mikoto of Elua decides to become a hunter and search for treasure all over the land of Driland. She sets out on her journey with her personal assistant Wallens, but they are soon joined by Pollon, a hunter who dreams of being a hero, and Paan, a wandering knight. As they continue their exploration they begin to sense great danger drawing near.
 Spring has finally arrived in Moomin Valley, giving way to another great adventure for Moomintroll and the rest of its inhabitants. With Snufkin coming home from his winter migration, the locals of the valley finally begin to rise from their hibernation. Finding a mysterious hat, the Moomins cannot bring themselves to throw it away due to its fine quality, instead hoping to eventually find its owner.While playing games with his friends, Moomin tries to hide in the silk hat. When his friends come looking for him, they are shocked to discover that Moomin has transformed into a hideous creature. Examining himself in the mirror, he is disgusted to find himself completely unrecognizable.Transforming back to normal after scaring his friends and family, Moomin and Snufkin decide to toss the hat in the river. As it drifts away, they begin to wonder who the hat belonged to and whether its owner will return for their lost possession.
 Spring has finally arrived in Moomin Valley, giving way to another great adventure for Moomintroll and the rest of its inhabitants. With Snufkin coming home from his winter migration, the locals of the valley finally begin to rise from their hibernation. Finding a mysterious hat, the Moomins cannot bring themselves to throw it away due to its fine quality, instead hoping to eventually find its owner.While playing games with his friends, Moomin tries to hide in the silk hat. When his friends come looking for him, they are shocked to discover that Moomin has transformed into a hideous creature. Examining himself in the mirror, he is disgusted to find himself completely unrecognizable.Transforming back to normal after scaring his friends and family, Moomin and Snufkin decide to toss the hat in the river. As it drifts away, they begin to wonder who the hat belonged to and whether its owner will return for their lost possession.
 In the remote and mysterious Moomin Valley live the Moomin trolls, gentle and peaceful creatures. Young Moomin and his family experience many strange adventures, both magical and mundane. Based on the children's stories by Tove Jansson.
 The Dan Detective School is a Japanese detective school permitted by the government. Kyu, an ordinary boy with big dreams to become detective, attends the school as a member of Q Class along with Megu, the girl with photographic memory; Kazuma, the computer genius kid; Kinta, the strong; and the mysterious Ryu. Together they solve many cases which bring them to face Pluto, the crime organization which should have been destroyed by Dan Morihiko.
 There have been many cases of stolen songs happening among the idols in Yokohama District recently. Even super idol Marine Amagi's hit song "Kiseki no Uta" was taken away. At the request of Marine, the Milky Holmes team starts investigating the case.
 The story takes place in an imaginary world in "the Age of Detectives", where private detectives and phantom thieves overwhelm the cities. It is about four girls who aim to be great detectives.Sherlock, Nero, Hercules and Cordelia have, in the past, solved many cases with the aid of their "Toyz", a form of psychic power, and are now famous in the Holmes' Detective Academy. In addition to their fellow students, they are also held in high regard by the citizens of Yokohama, who have nicknamed the quartet Milky Holmes.However, one stormy night, the four girls lose their Toyz whilst engaged in battle against their nemesis, the Phantom Empire...
 Second Season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes.
 The four members of Milky Holmes are going on a study tour. While soaking in the hot springs among snow monkeys, alarms interrupt the relaxing environment! It was the work of the Thief Empire. A fierce battle between Milky Holmes and the Thief Empire begins, with both sides using their Toys (special powers). Furthermore, with the arrival of the Genius 4, a three-way fight occurs! In the midst of battle, a violent lightning strikes from the sky. Struck by the lightning, the four Milky Holmes girls lose their abilities.
 Milky Holmes is a detective team composed of four girls who descended from famous detectives and possess supernatural powers known as "Toys". In this alternative world, instead of losing their Toys and becoming worthless students, they are on the path to becoming successful detectives. Under the guidance of Kobayashi Opera, they work to solve mysteries.
 Milky Holmes are doing well and solves cases one by one. Student council suddenly thought they should get graduated from the academy, and gave them a graduation test. The content of the graduation case she chose is... Aichi Sendou's Card stolen case!
 After some pushing by Irene and her father and a lack of support otherwise, Kokoro stubbornly quits her job as a police detective to become an idol. She soon finds the idol life draining and starts to miss her old detective life. When Henriette notices Sherlock's loneliness without her, she stages a statue theft in order to convince Kokoro to return to the force.
 Aya Tachibana is a sixth-grader who frets and obsesses over friends, family, grades, and more. One day, she joins the "Tantei Team KZ" with four very idiosyncratic boys she met at cram school. There is the glib and attention-grabbing leader Kazuomi Wakatake, the mysterious "expert of personal relationships" Takakazu Kuroki, the smart and stoic math genius Kazunori Uesugi, and the sweet-hearted Kazuhiko Kozuka who is good at social matters and science. Aya finds her place among them as the "language expert." "Tantei Team KZ" gets involved in modern-day cases, and even if they bicker from time to time, they collaborate by pooling each of their talents and skills to solve these cases.
 Kimizuka Kimihiko is a crisis-magnet. From getting caught up in a crime scene to accidentally witnessing a drug deal, trouble seems to find him around every corner. So it is no surprise when his rather mundane flight suddenly enters a state of emergency with a dire need of a detective onboard. Unfortunately, his attempt at avoiding trouble is foiled by a beautiful girl with silver hair who goes by the codename Siesta. Declaring herself a detective, she unceremoniously drags Kimizuka into the case as her assistant.That incident spelled the beginning of an adventure around the globe that went beyond his wildest imagination. Putting their lives on the line, the two took down criminal organizations, prevented disasters, and saved thousands. But the curtain closed to their epic journey with Siesta's untimely death three years later.Resolving to live an ordinary high school life this time, Kimizuka spends a year maintaining a low profile. However, as fate would have it, a girl with an uncanny resemblance to Siesta comes crashing into his life, threatening to throw his peaceful days into disarray.
 Kimizuka Kimihiko is a crisis-magnet. From getting caught up in a crime scene to accidentally witnessing a drug deal, trouble seems to find him around every corner. So it is no surprise when his rather mundane flight suddenly enters a state of emergency with a dire need of a detective onboard. Unfortunately, his attempt at avoiding trouble is foiled by a beautiful girl with silver hair who goes by the codename Siesta. Declaring herself a detective, she unceremoniously drags Kimizuka into the case as her assistant.That incident spelled the beginning of an adventure around the globe that went beyond his wildest imagination. Putting their lives on the line, the two took down criminal organizations, prevented disasters, and saved thousands. But the curtain closed to their epic journey with Siesta's untimely death three years later.Resolving to live an ordinary high school life this time, Kimizuka spends a year maintaining a low profile. However, as fate would have it, a girl with an uncanny resemblance to Siesta comes crashing into his life, threatening to throw his peaceful days into disarray.
 The story centers around five Japanese high school students who are too young to be called adults, but who no longer think of themselves as children. Wakana Sakai (Ayahi Takagaki) once took music lessons, but she withdrew from music after losing her mother. Konatsu Miyamoto (Asami Seto) is a positive-thinking girl who loves singing and spends time after school at the vocal music club.Sawa Okita (Saori Hayami) is a spirited archery club member who dreams of becoming a horse rider. Taichi Tanaka (Nobunaga Shimazaki) is a chronically late badminton team member who lives with his college student sister. “Wiin” (Natsuki Hanae) just transferred into Wakana’s class after 12 years abroad in Australia. Music brings Wakana, Konatsu, Sawa and the others together into an ensemble during their last summer in high school
 New animation featuring a new song recording by the Shirahamazaka High School Chorus Club, bundled with the BD Box set.
 Patterned after Japanese art and silk screens, Taro, The Dragon Boy is an animated feature about Japanese mythology and cultures, focusing on Taro, a young boy who has to make a voyage to a distant lake to save his mother, who has been turned into a dragon.
 When Jack’s parents bundle him off to stay with his distant cousin Tashi, the two boys become swept up in a series of wild adventures exploring a fantastical land far, far away and protecting Tashi’s village from a host of creatures and villains.
 A young woman, by some strange occurrence, was left to die alone in the former building of the Academy for Sincere Teachings. Mysteriously, there is one person who can see her in ghost form
 Tata loves to drink Coke, and has a lazy personality, but often has flashes of inspiration. Tata believes everyone has a sudden ego. In the real life, Tata’s brain is filled with visions and ideas, countless fantasies emerging suddenly, making every little thing in daily life more exciting! Lazy marmot, lazy you, shake it up happily together!
 Set in 2025 A.D., Transformers Victory introduces Star Saber, the mightiest Autobot warrior and the greatest swordsman in the galaxy. Following the defeat of the Decepticons on Earth in the Masterforce War, the villains have begun aggressively attacking other planets in the universe. To counter this threat, the Autobots joined with many other civilizations and lifeforms (including Humanity) to form the Galactic Peace Alliance, with Star Saber as its leader.Seeking the energy necessary to free his massive Planet-Destroying Fortress from imprisonment in the Dark Nebula where Star Saber sealed it years ago, the Decepticons' new Emperor of Destruction, Deathsaurus (Dezarus), attacks Earth with his Dinoforce, prompting Star Saber and his team to set up residence on the planet.
 Set in 2025 A.D., Transformers Victory introduces Star Saber, the mightiest Autobot warrior and the greatest swordsman in the galaxy. Following the defeat of the Decepticons on Earth in the Masterforce War, the villains have begun aggressively attacking other planets in the universe. To counter this threat, the Autobots joined with many other civilizations and lifeforms (including Humanity) to form the Galactic Peace Alliance, with Star Saber as its leader.Seeking the energy necessary to free his massive Planet-Destroying Fortress from imprisonment in the Dark Nebula where Star Saber sealed it years ago, the Decepticons' new Emperor of Destruction, Deathsaurus (Dezarus), attacks Earth with his Dinoforce, prompting Star Saber and his team to set up residence on the planet.
 Nagisa is a schoolgirl with schoolgirl tendencies, waking up late, rushing off to school and meeting up with friends upon the way. One morning Nagisa comes across a woman dressed in a strange uniform who seems to stare at her, unnerving Nagisa. Later that day, whilst staring out the window, Nagisa becomes aware of a ball bouncing by itself which flings itself towards her window seat, shattering the glass yet not harming her... Turning back to the front she finds a gaping mouth bristling with teeth inches from her face and no-one else about. She screams and the world returns to normal with her standing and the centre of curiosity of her class... why did she scream?
 Nagisa is a schoolgirl with schoolgirl tendencies, waking up late, rushing off to school and meeting up with friends upon the way. One morning Nagisa comes across a woman dressed in a strange uniform who seems to stare at her, unnerving Nagisa. Later that day, whilst staring out the window, Nagisa becomes aware of a ball bouncing by itself which flings itself towards her window seat, shattering the glass yet not harming her... Turning back to the front she finds a gaping mouth bristling with teeth inches from her face and no-one else about. She screams and the world returns to normal with her standing and the centre of curiosity of her class... why did she scream?
 Theatrical film of the anime series Tatakae!! Ramenman, based on the manga chapter "Strike the Darkness".It was released in Japan on July 9, 1988 and is set sometime after the Mongol Tiger two-parter.
 In a world where dead people turn into books and are stored in the Bantorra Library where anyone who reads a book can learn their past. Bantorra Library is maintained by Armed Librarians who wield psychic powers and their enemy is a religious society known as Sindeki Kyoudan.
 In a world where dead people turn into books and are stored in the Bantorra Library where anyone who reads a book can learn their past, Bantorra Library is maintained by Armed Librarians who wield psychic powers and their enemy is a religious society known as Sindeki Kyoudan.
 Third season of Tate no Yuusha no Nariagari.
 Second season of Tate no Yuusha no Nariagari.
 Second season of Tate no Yuusha no Nariagari.
 Lloyd is a novice adventurer whose dream is to discover "true strength" in the capital he's always admired, despite growing up with neighbors who always considered him weak. The story starts with him departing from his hometown, which just so happens to be located right next to...one of the most dangerous dungeons in the world?! Lloyd may think of himself as powerless, but when he goes to the city that serves as the starter town for adventurers, the difference between him and everyone else couldn't be starker!
 Lloyd is a novice adventurer whose dream is to discover "true strength" in the capital he's always admired, despite growing up with neighbors who always considered him weak. The story starts with him departing from his hometown, which just so happens to be located right next to...one of the most dangerous dungeons in the world?! Lloyd may think of himself as powerless, but when he goes to the city that serves as the starter town for adventurers, the difference between him and everyone else couldn't be starker!
 The film follows the career of Yoshihiro Tatsumi, as he begins to work as a comics artist in post-war occupied Japan, meets his idol Osamu Tezuka, and invents the gekiga genre of Japanese comics for adults. Interweaved with the biographical material are segments based on Tatsumi's short stories "Hell", "Beloved Monkey", "Just a Man", "Good-Bye" and "Occupied".
 When Hibio's adventurer mother sets off to research a mysterious tribe, she hits a wall. Frotunately for her, the beautiful young Nima sees a family portrait and decides that she wants her son for her husband and she gets a chance to further her research. She agrees to the arrangement. Of course, she doesn't consult him about his future bride. When Nima shows up in Tokyo to be with her new husband, hilarity and chaos ensues as Hibio and his modern Tokyo background meets Nima's magical heritage.
 At Yachimata, there is a legend of a deity named Tayutayu-sama who protected the area, but this deity and other so-called “Tayutai” have been lost in time. Mito and his friends discover a relic on the school grounds with mysterious patterns on them. Then, at the opening ceremony of the new school year, an equally mysterious girl named Mashiro appears before Mito. Mashiro is somehow tied to the relic and the legend of Tayutayu-sama.
 Once upon a time, there was a lord in Shinano Province who hated old men. In accordance with the rules of the province, a person was exiled to an island when they turned 60 years old. On the night of August 15th, there was one such farmer woman, but her son loved her, and took her to a mountain to leave her there instead of turning her over to the cruel officers. However, he felt sorry about what he was doing and hid her under the earthen floor of a barn. One day, a messenger of the lord of the neighboring province was sent to the lord of Shinano Province making an unreasonable demand that a silk thread be threaded through a winding hole in a crystal ball and threatened that force would be used unless the task was done. The devoted son consulted with his mother, and she taught him a method in which you put honey around the end of one hole and let an ant tied with a thread go through it from the other end. The lord rewarded the son. However, a messenger was sent from the neighboring province again demanding that they identify which of two identical mares is the parent and which is the child. The son asked his mother again and then told the solution to the lord. When told by the lord that he would grant the son’s wish, he pleaded for his mother’s life. Since then, old men and women have been treated with respect and are no longer exiled.
 "My senpai from work... is tiny and cute."Shinozaki is an office worker who is taken care of and coddled by his senior team member Shiori Katase
 Dale is a cool, composed, and highly skilled adventurer who's made quite a name for himself despite his youth. One day on a job deep in the forest, he comes across a little devil girl who's almost wasted away. Unable to just leave her there to die, Dale takes her home and becomes her adoptive father.Devil or not, Latina is beyond adorable, and the adventurer soon finds himself head over heels with being a parent.But why was she out in the forest to begin with, and why does she carry the mark of a criminal?
 Eighteen-year-old Dale Reki is a skilled, kind, and respected traveller, acknowledged as one of the leading adventurers in the city of Kreuz. One day while on the hunt for magical beasts, he comes across a sweet devil girl named Latina. She is alone, dressed in rags, and bears the devils' symbol of a criminal
 Mameda is a shapeshifting Tanuki girl who dreams of becoming human someday. One day, she turns into a black-haired beauty and heads out to Osaka, but is soon discovered! One beautiful woman relentlessly says to the depressed Mameda, "Go back to where you came from!" calls herself Rakugo-ka (Rakugo storyteller). The Taisho Rakugo fantasy that will make you smile begins here!
 Spin-off of "Tama and Friends" that reimagines the cast of the franchise as humans.
 It's summer, and Norimichi Shimada and his friends want to know if fireworks look round or flat from the side. They forge a plan to find the answer at Moshimo Festival's fireworks display. However, Norimichi finds himself conflicted when his classmate, Nazuna Oikawa, plans to run away from home and wants Norimichi to join her. When things go awry in their attempt to escape, a strange orb in Nazuna's possession gives them another chance at staying together.
 It's summer, and Norimichi Shimada and his friends want to know if fireworks look round or flat from the side. They forge a plan to find the answer at Moshimo Festival's fireworks display. However, Norimichi finds himself conflicted when his classmate, Nazuna Oikawa, plans to run away from home and wants Norimichi to join her. When things go awry in their attempt to escape, a strange orb in Nazuna's possession gives them another chance at staying together.

 In Kyoto, there are three kinds of residents
 Second season of Uchouten Kazoku
 The “summer supernatural teen comedy” revolves around an ordinary high school boy named Takashi who ends up living with a space alien’s spirit (uch?jin no y?rei) after a strange incident. He names the creature “Uchurei” and plans to keep it as a pet, but becomes possessed by it.
 Dr. Tatsunoko of Tatsunoko Research Center goes undersea accompanied by his daughter Asari to inquire into some mysterious radiation and discovers there a giant shell and it is known that the radiation comes from a globe laid inside the shell. Then Asari finds an object in the shape of compact with a message in it. It says that a space alien from the Planet of Parlum which is on the verge of extinction is lying in the globe. Suddenly a boy with a strange look appears out of the globe and goes wild. He is the very person mentioned in the message with the name of Ace. His source of energy for superhuman power is what is called space food and he can fly with the help of Silver Ring made with energy collected instantly in the aerial environment. Also he is able to use it as a weapon to fight the enemy with. Supported by his friends including Asari, Ibo the robot dog, and Hermit Crab Reporter, he gallantly goes into action to settle various difficulties caused by mystic robots and brutal space invaders.
 Chicchi, an ordinary office lady who works in Commercial Sector II of the solar system, heads to a space camp for a vacation. However, she crash-lands on a planet that is a "graveyard" for scrapped ships.
 It is the thirty-first century. Ulysses killed the giant Cyclops when he rescued the children and his son, Telemachus.But the ancient gods of Olympus are angry and threaten a terrible revenge
 The pilot movie of Grendizer. It is about Duke Fleed, a fugitive of the planet fleed, who was kicked out of his planet by the Armies of Vega. Fleed and the daughter of the king of Vega we in love before the war between their planets. The armies of Vega continue their fight with Duke Fleed.
 Mito isn't just another space pirate, she's a three foot tall childlike alien with enough guts to outshine a supernova. She's known as the galaxy's most dangerous pirate, a wanted criminal who destroys a dozen police space cruisers every day before breakfast. But all she really wants is to be called "Mom."
 Aoi was raised as a normal boy on Earth. Little did he know he was the heir apparent to Mito, the Queen-turned-Space-Pirate of an alien race that chooses their sex at puberty! Aoi fell in love with Mutsuki, the police officer who was chasing Mito, and the three of them saved the Universe. The only side effect was that Aoi blossomed into a beautiful young woman.Now a malevolent entity calling herself the true Queen of the Universe appears with enough power to destroy entire planets. Aoi must defend her new throne, but she needs Mutsuki's help. Mutsuki must come to terms with her own feelings for Aoi so they can defend Earth together and become the galaxy's first royal pair of queens.
 Maetel abandoned her mother and her home planet, the doomed and frozen La Metal, where people must become cyborgs to survive. When she is beckoned to return, her options seem slim
 Set in the year 2052, Earth has managed to find peace until the arrival of the Death Force - ruthless aliens from a dying solar system - who are desperately searching for a new home. Attacking the Earth with a massive satellite ship called Terror Star, the aliens proceed to terraform the planet to make it their own. For mankind there is one hope
 When they were young, the brothers Mutta and Hibito promised each other they would become astronauts. Now, in 2025, Hibito has followed his dream to become the first Japanese on the moon, but Mutta has just been fired from his job. His brother reminds him of their childhood promise, and Mutta decides once again to aim for space.
 Included on a DVD within the limited edition of the manga's volume 17. Apo, the pet dog from the manga, will star in the anime.
 Giant robot Daikengo flies through space to re-establish galactic peace; on-board prince Ryger, who ran away from his planet Emperius to defeat the menace out of his reign borders, in order to save his people; Cleo, corrupted prime minister's daughter, help him along with two nice little robots, Anike and Otoke. They fight evil Lady Baracross, leading invasion forces, with her assistant Roboleon, wearing a Napoleon style hat. Daikengo is the first robot with scuttles on his mouth. When he opens them, his vampire style teeth are shown and he can spit fire.


 University students, Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are enjoying college life and pursuing their dreams, but in reality, They have a secret mission, to fight against invading Reptilians from outer space. One day, Ray travels back in time to 330 million years ago on Earth, to find his missing friend Tyler who has fallen into a trap set by the evil alien, Dahar. During that time, Alpha, the God of the Earth, was planning to create a new civilization on Earth and invited Queen Zamza and her fellow Reptilian from the planet Zeta, to Earth.What is the intention of Dahar? What will happen to Ray and Tyler?And what is “the plan of the God of the Earth"?
 University students, Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are enjoying college life and pursuing their dreams, but in reality, They have a secret mission, to fight against invading Reptilians from outer space. One day, Ray travels back in time to 330 million years ago on Earth, to find his missing friend Tyler who has fallen into a trap set by the evil alien, Dahar. During that time, Alpha, the God of the Earth, was planning to create a new civilization on Earth and invited Queen Zamza and her fellow Reptilian from the planet Zeta, to Earth.What is the intention of Dahar? What will happen to Ray and Tyler?And what is “the plan of the God of the Earth"?
 Tekkaman is just an average bright boy in his everyday life. However, modern science can turn him into a mighty space warrior. This becomes a reality when aggressive aliens come from space to invade our planet. Armed with a space lance, Tekkaman gallantly goes into action against the grotesque space creatures. During his battles he encounters a mysterious young man from another planet who helps him out whenever he is in danger.
 The first OVA, Burning Clock, tells the story of the Aiba family, goes into further detail about Shinya and Takaya's rivalry.
 The third, Missing Link, deals with the events between Tekkaman Blade and Tekkaman Blade II.
 Twin Blood is an alternate version of Blade and Evil's first battle, with drastically different character and mecha designs from the rest of the series. Blade/D-Boy does not need Pegas to transform and the armor more closely resembles the Radam humanoids from Tekkaman Blade II.
 he year is 2356 A.D. - 189 years after a distant supernova caused a global catastrophe that wiped out 99% of the world population. To keep track on all space activities, mankind has built colossal space stations called "foundations" all over the Solar System. After passing the Space Academy entrance exams, Shima Katase embarks to the Earth-based foundation Stellvia to fulfill her dream of seeing the galaxy and to prevent another interstellar catastrophe from destroying Earth.
 Living an abnormal existence in Ogikubo, an intergalactic melting pot of humans and aliens as well as the only Space Immigration Zone on Earth, Luluco is a bubbly middle school girl who just wants to be normal. One morning, however, her father, who works at the Space Patrol, eats a volatile sleep capsule by mistake and is frozen solid! To make matters worse, Luluco accidentally breaks him, so she hurries off to his office for help. There, the chief of the Space Patrol, Over Justice, hires Luluco as a space temp worker for undercover investigations, so that the institution may crack down on crime within her school.Made to don the Space Patrol suit and sent on her way to mete out justice, Luluco attempts to maintain the image of a normal girl who does not stand out in any way. But she soon discovers that with the automatic systems and inherently zealous judiciousness of the Space Patrol suit, continuing to be normal will be more difficult than she thought.
 The human race extended its life field and greed to the vast reaches of space... In Space Era 0156, a war breaks out amidst all of the colonies in space. Earth begins to construct a new space battleship called Tiramisu in secret. Just as the war begins, one genius pilot steers the Tiramisu as a beacon of hope for humanity.
 The human race extended its life field and greed to the vast reaches of space... In Space Era 0156, a war breaks out amidst all of the colonies in space. Earth begins to construct a new space battleship called Tiramisu in secret. Just as the war begins, one genius pilot steers the Tiramisu as a beacon of hope for humanity.
 The second season to Uchuu Senkan Tiramisu.
 Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray volume.
 Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray volumes.
 Unaired episodes included with the Blu-ray volumes.
 The year is 2199. The human race has been crushed in their war with the Gamilos, driven into underground cities by the invader’s assault. Scientists estimate they have only a year left. The young officers Susumu Kodai and Daisuke Shima receive a mysterious capsule from a ship that made an emergency landing on Mars and return with it to Earth.It contains humanity’s last hope
 In the year 2199, Earth faces its greatest crisis. Due to unrelenting bombings by the alien race known as "Gamilas," the planet can no longer sustain its inhabitants. In exactly one year, humanity is set to become extinct.In desperation, the people of Earth establish the Earth Defense Force, their last defense against the power-hungry Gamilas Empire. However, humanity finds a glimmer of hope after receiving a message from the mysterious planet Iscandar, which offers them a device that would restore Earth to its former glory. With salvation in sight, the Earth Defense Force calls on the prolific Space Battleship Yamato and swiftly assembles a crew to make the 148,000 light-year trek to Iscandar and receive their aid.Among the crew are young officers Susumu Kodai and Daisuke Shima, along with several other newly promoted leaders, all under the command of the distinguished Captain Juuzou Okita. Forced to learn how to handle the ship's innovative technology while dealing with the onslaught of Gamilas fleets, the inexperienced cast of Uchuu Senkan Yamato 2199 must summon every inch of their resolve to survive the many hardships aboard the Yamato and complete their mission
 Space Battleship Yamato 2202
 Space Battleship Yamato 2202
 The second film in a duology of Uchuu Senkan Yamato 2205
 The first film in a duology of Uchuu Senkan Yamato 2205
 A stray missile from a confrontation between the Galman empire and the Bolar Federation crashes into the sun, turning it into a time bomb of radiation. The Star Force once again sets off into space, this time on a quest to look for a new world for the human race.
 It is the year 2201. The Yamato has returned from the devastating battle with Emperor Zordar and the Comet Empire. Sanada, Aihara, and Shima are released from the hospital, and go to pay their respects to the fallen crew members at Okita's memorial. They meet Tokugawa's son Tasuke, who says that he will be joining the crew once he graduates from cadet school. The next day at his graduation, he ends up capsizing a boat full of new cadets because they are all too busy staring at the Yamato to watch where they are going.After some problems during launch due to the new engine crew hitting the wrong switches and stalling the ship, the Yamato departs on what should be a simple training mission.
 A crisis is approaching Earth with the expansion of a moving black hole, in the year 2220. A plan is devised to move over 300-million people from Earth. When the latest transportation fleet is attacked, Space Battleship Yamato comes to its defense, the ship is now commanded by Susumu Kodai, also aboard is daughter Miyuki, child of Susumu and Yuki.
 The year is 2203, not long after the Bolar Federation was defeated by Desslok's Galman-Gamilon Empire. A subspace dimensional dislocation has caused a distant Red Galaxy to be relocated in a collision course with the Milky Way. Stars and planets collide, making a wreck of the Galman-Gamilon homeworld. The Star Force is dispatched to investigate. They reach Galmania to find Desslok's palace in ruins.As they pay their respects, tossing white roses down to the surface of the planet, a huge red planet crashes into Galmania, forcing to StarForce to escape with an immediate and uncalculated warp.
 After polluting their own planet beyond repair, a race of evil aliens target earth as their next home. Now it is up to a lone outcast and his robotic spacecraft, Baldios, to defend earth. But, first he must convince the distrusting human population of the impending danger.
 This film supplied the ending to the cancelled Space Warrior Baldios television series.
 The story is set in the year 2050 AD, and mankind has been steadily advancing its space technology. However, the planet is suddenly set upon by a mysterious enemy
 Working for a multi-purpose space agency, Toppy and Rana make friends with Giraffe, a scientist, and go through various adventures in space. The three encounter danger at times, but their friendship always saves them just in the nick of time.
 The pilot episode made for Uchuusen Sagittarius. Features the original comic book art and no voice acting.
 Souta Tawara is a web designer working in Tokyo. When he visits his family's Udon place in his hometown Kagawa Prefecture, he discovers a young boy. Upon confronting the boy, Souta soon learns his secret and decides to quit his job in order to take care of the boy, Poko. The daily adventures of the two slowly enfold as Poco energetically navigates his way through Kagawa, the "Udon Kingdom," along with Souta.
 Ueno-san, who is in her third year of junior high school, is in love with the concept of falling in love. She makes full use of her inventions and tries to show it off to Tanaka, her Science Club kouhai.
 Ueno-san, who is in her third year of junior high school, is in love with the concept of falling in love. She makes full use of her inventions and tries to show it off to Tanaka, her Science Club kouhai.
 EditSynopsis Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are five high school students who are suddenly wrapped up in a mysterious incident. An alien species called Grey abducts Halle's sister and embeds her with a special chip inside her brain. The five stand up to save Halle's sister and try to reveal the existence of aliens, but continue to be met with mysterious events. The high school students' story progresses into a shocking development! What truths hide on the dark side of the moon? What are the true intentions of the aliens that are infiltrating America, Russia, and China? What is the true crisis that is closing in on Earth and what hope can we have towards the future!?
 Ray, Anna, Tyler, Halle, and Eisuke are five high school students who are suddenly wrapped up in a mysterious incident.An alien species called Grey abducts Halle's sister and embeds her with a special chip inside her brain. The five stand up to save Halle's sister and try to reveal the existence of aliens, but continue to be met with mysterious events.The high school students' story progresses into a shocking development!What truths hide on the dark side of the moon? What are the true intentions of the aliens that are infiltrating America, Russia, and China? What is the true crisis that is closing in on Earth and what hope can we have towards the future!?
 UFO Princess Warukyure, aka UFO Princess Walkyrie is about a princess from outer space who accidentally crashes on earth, where Kazuto desperately tries to maintain the public bath of his grandfather. Due to circumstances, Kazuto receives part of princess Walkyrie's soul which forces her to stay there with him. But that's not the only problem ... because her soul lost strength, the princess transforms both mentally and physically into a little kid!
 Valkyrie, Kazuto, Akina, Hydra and friends are back for more when the Key of time suddenly appears along with many other mysterious happenings. All seemed to be linked to a person named `Valkyrie Ghost` who`s only goal is stealing Kazuto for herself. As they team up against this seeming unbeatable foe they dig deeper into the mysterious past of Valkyrie`s home planet, Valhalla.
 The third season doesn`t have a particular story behind everything (like "Valkyrie Ghost" in the second season). It just tells 6 stories about the life of Kazuto & Co. with some additions
 The strange and magical events of the last season have left Kazuto with two Valkyries. He now finds himself living with and looking after both a teenaged-princess Valkyrie, as well as the child-princess Valkyrie! And they still have not yet gotten married...
 A 45-minute recap episode of the first season, narrated by Sanada-san.
 The queen of planet Valhalla arrives on Earth with a virtual-world-program, called "bride training boot camp". They built several pairs which have to take a random card with a special situation that might occur if you are married. For instance Kazuto and Valkyrie have to make dinner, Raine and Kazuto's sister have to manage poverty or Akina and Hydra have to prepare a wedding ceremony as bride and groom (so everyone gets the most unlikely and unsuitable situation).
 Duke Fleed is a survivor of the Fleed Planet who is escaped to the Earth, onboard a mysterious "spaceship", where is raised by Dr. Umon as his adoptive son, and known as Daisuke Umon. Years after his arrival, he's faced with the threat of King Vega and his army, who want to conquer the Earth. With his friends Koji and Hikaru (and later his younger sister Maria Grace), Duke decides to fight back using his best weapon - the almighty Grendizer.
 Duke Fleed is a survivor of the Fleed Planet who is escaped to the Earth, onboard a mysterious "spaceship", where is raised by Dr. Umon as his adoptive son, and known as Daisuke Umon. Years after his arrival, he's faced with the threat of King Vega and his army, who want to conquer the Earth. With his friends Koji and Hikaru (and later his younger sister Maria Grace), Duke decides to fight back using his best weapon - the almighty Grendizer.
 Alien invaders take over Great Mazinger who is at the entrance of a museum next to Mazinger Z as symbols of peace. Grendizer fights the evil invaders and Great Mazinger is recovered.When the Vegan empire dispatches a new general to oversee the takeover of Earth, he quickly manages to capture Koji Kabuto and, learning of Great Mazinger through interrogation, quickly commandeers it from a museum where it was kept as a symbol of peace.It is now up to Duke Fleed aboard Grendizer to stop humanity's former defender from becoming its destroyer.
 The story is about 16 years old boy Takeshi who recently formed an American football team at the BlueSky orphanage. One day the game is interuppted by a light in the sky. Takeshi discovers he is the son of the king of the planet Apolon, spirited away to Earth by his father's retainer Rabi to avoid death at the hands of General Dazaan. He turns out to have special energy abilities which can control UFO saucers from under the ocean floor, which in turn can become robots that are synchronized to their movements.
 A princess from outer space accidentally crashes on Earth, where Kazuto desperately tries to maintain the public bath of his grandfather. Due to circumstances, Kazuto receives part of princess Valkyrie's soul which forces her to stay there with him. But that is not the only problem... because her soul lost strength, the 18-year-old princess transforms both mentally and physically into a 8-year-old little kid.
 Valkyrie, Kazuto, Akina, Hydra and friends are back for more when the Key of Time suddenly appears along with many other mysterious happenings. All seemed to be linked to a person named Valkyrie Ghost whose only goal is stealing Kazuto for herself. As they team up against this seemingly unbeatable foe they dig deeper into the mysterious past of Valkyrie's home planet, Valhalla.
 Raine and Chorus get a house on Earth, the last three Valhalla princesses each have a story to tell, and finally when Kazuto and Valkyrie manage to stay in their adult form, they try to marry again.
 There exists the Cosmos Warriors, a team tasked with the duty of protecting freedom, justice, and peace of the universe. When the Master of the Cosmos Warriors was killed onboard a traveling spaceship and the rest of the passengers were kidnapped by the sinister Green People, Captain Leo soon uncovers a malicious plan that would put the fate of the people of Earth on the balance.
 To confront an alien menace, General Fury assembles a team of superheroes lead by a recently resuscitated Captain America.
 When the Chitauri invaders are sighted in the African kingdom of Wakanda, the Avengers covertly enter the advanced nation to investigate.
 During a monster attack on the city, which is something that happens quite often, Silk and her two friends try get close to the attacking monster for a better view. An unfortunate choice of location to watch from leads to UFO-man, the city’s giant protector, to land on the girls crushing them to death. Feeling sorry, UFO-man blames their death on the monster and promises to bring Silk and her friends back to life by lending them his power but the catch is that they now have to become the city’s protector as well.
 In the past evil superhumans invaded earth to conquer the human race. A group of superhuman calling themselves the muscle league challenge the evil. One of the muscle league member, King Muscle displayed great strength and skill. With his help the muscle league defeated the evil and once again peace retuned to earth. 28 years later a new evil force has come to conquer the human race, but legendary heros who fought in the past were too weak and old to beat the new threat. Now they trained a new league of warriors to fight.One of the warriors is Kid Muscle the son of the legendary King Muscle. He and the new generation are the only hope for the human race against the new threat.
 Nowadays, that Bird Star is under permanent siege. Only those who have a powerful guardian spirit, a “War Spirit”, can change their fates and stand against 10,000 people. Juvenile Rogge’s father had the strongest fighting spirit, but he betrayed the country, causing Rogge and his mother to be bullied and to lose their place. In order to clean up humiliation and change destiny of his family, the teenager broke into the world’s most fiercest and scariest villain academy and strive against opponents with powerful fighting spirits. Can Rogue get rid of the misery and boundary surrounding his life, or not?
 Nina Sakura, a young, clumsy witch travels from the magic kingdom to collect the five holy stones to win as the princess candidate, competing with her childhood friend,Maya Orihara. But eventually, she develops new friendships in this world with people like Ayu Tateishi, Kaji Tetsushi, Tsujiai Hiroki. She also helps Ayu and Kaji to form a couple.Then she faces the dilemma, whether to stay here or return to the world she belongs to. Nina, a young girl from the Magic Kingdom, is a candidate for princess. She travels to Earth to search for Holy Stones required for her to be qualified as a candidate. On Earth, she meets Ayu Tateishi, who right away discovered her magical powers and who eventually became her best friend. They continue their friendship as Ayu further learns about Nina’s mission. Finally, she collected the 5 Holy Stones. However, a dilemma then came
 Hideo Middle School eighth-grader Ayu Tateishi, as a member of the tennis club, is of course a cool girl who is popular among the girls in the school. Actually, she's an ordinary girl pretending to be cool, because Kaji-kun of the baseball team likes her.She is adored by the transfer student Nina Sakura. Nina actually has a huge secret?! Because she is a young witch who transferred from the magic kingdom. She's a real witch which a magic computer and a magical treasure box. But this magic always causes big problems!!Now back to the boys. Of course there's Tetsushi Kaji, the up-and-coming ace of the baseball team, who is very popular among the girls, and his best friend, the calm and quiet member of the tennis club, Hiroki Tsujiai, and many others.This story is a school love comedy set at Hideo Middle School, starring the cool beauty Ayu, the young witch Nina, the baseball team's Kaji-kun, and the tennis team's Tsujiai-kun. Also, there are original characters that Yoshizumi-sensei designed specifically for the anime, so please look forward to it!
 Ultra-Nyan's adventures continue. This time, he is tasked with finding the cause of the crows' sudden declaration of war upon the cats.
 Haruka finds a cat in an abandoned building and names it "Nyan". Little does she know that this cat is actually "Ultra-Nyan" who has come from outer space. Using his mysterious powers, Ultra-Nyan helps Haruka and her friends foil the plans of a couple of no-good catnappers.
 Shinjiro Hayata, son of Shin Hayata, who was the first Ultraman, has a natural special power. One day, Shinjiro was attacked by unknown enemies. Ultraman saved the day, and unmasked himself to show Shinjiro that he was his father. Wearing an Ultraman suit provided by Mr. Ide, formerly a member of the SSSP (Science Special Search Party), Shinjiro throws down the gauntlet and helps his father. Then the real battle commences.
 Shinjiro Hayata, son of Shin Hayata, who was the first Ultraman, has a natural special power. One day, Shinjiro was attacked by unknown enemies. Ultraman saved the day, and unmasked himself to show Shinjiro that he was his father. Wearing an Ultraman suit provided by Mr. Ide, formerly a member of the SSSP (Science Special Search Party), Shinjiro throws down the gauntlet and helps his father. Then the real battle commences.
 Final Season of Ultraman.
 Ultraman Kids go on a journey to search for the parents of a main character.
 Second season of Ultraman.
 Second season of Ultraman.
 The lives of three stunt pilots (Scott, Chuck, and Beth) are changed when they gain the ability to transform into three new Ultra-beings, and form the Ultra Force, to battle four giant Sorkin Monsters.
 044 becomes the strongest female soldier excelling in combat through gene manipulation using a virus. However, in exchange for her abilities, her days become numbered. The next mission of the government is to destroy a bloodthirsty squad, Phage, and its leader King. In her battle, she encounters a Phage soldier, Luka, and finds herself unable to kill him. She wonders why, but as a result, Daxus Jr., the leader of the government group, regards her as a traitor. She is targeted by both Phage and the government, and she runs away with the injured Luka. Genre
 The story is set in the 15th century, during the Hundred Years' War between France and England over the succession to the French throne. Montmorency, the son of a noble, immerses himself in the studies of magic and alchemy at a royal knight training school. However, following France's crushing defeat at Agincourt, the school is dissolved. Having lost everything and now a wanted man, Montmorency, who had just become an alchemist, encounters a mysterious village girl named Jehanne.
 The story is set in the 15th century, during the Hundred Years' War between France and England over the succession to the French throne. Montmorency, the son of a noble, immerses himself in the studies of magic and alchemy at a royal knight training school. However, following France's crushing defeat at Agincourt, the school is dissolved. Having lost everything and now a wanted man, Montmorency, who had just become an alchemist, encounters a mysterious village girl named Jehanne.
 Special episodes included with the fourth volume of Uma Musume
 The anime will stream online and focus on T.M. Opera O, Admire Vega, Narita Top Road, and other Uma Musume aiming to win the Classic competitions.
 Based on the mobile game.
 Second season of Uma Musume
 Third season of Uma Musume
 It's a "pop" and cute everyday anime based on the 4-koma manga featuring the characters from Uma Musume
 A new short animation series of Uma Musume.
 "Do not toy with the supernatural."Two stories of the consequences that descend upon humans who venture beyond the safe confines of their ordinary worlds.* When a gorgeous girl named Rima transfers into Masami's class, she's not only jealous, but also deathly frightened of her. While the boys in class are tripping all over themselves to get to Rima, Masami's having nightmares of a ghastly visitor and finding scars on her body come morning. She asks a friend to help her get evidence to confirm her suspicions about the new girl. But if a picture is worth a thousand words, a video must be worth far more. The truth can set you free, but it can also be more terrifying than anything you can imagine.* Shy Miko and her more outgoing friend Nanako are enjoying their summer vacation, trying to make the most of their youth. But when horror-movie marathons just aren't thrilling enough, Nanako sets her eyes on a new target
 A tale of growing up in high school. High school students Taku and best friend Matsuno are figuring out what they would like to do with their lives when a girl named Rikako transfers into their school. Rikako is a smart, charming and sophisticated girl who had to move away from her urban surroundings, to a sea shore countryside village. But she has troubles of her own...
 Marin and her sister Urin live in the sea. One day they find a ring fallen into the sea. They get out of the sea and meet a girl Kanon, the owner of the ring. Kanon tells them she doesn't want the ring anymore because it was given by her boyfriend whom she just broke up with, and she throws it into the forest. Marin thinks Kanon is still in love with him and looks for the ring with her sister. But Urin accidentally breaks a seal near a shrine...
 Opening its eyes, the moon that fell to the depths of the sea was met with complete darkness.Will the moon be able to return to its home in the sky?
 A recap of the TV series. While two parts were made, only the first one was shown in theaters during the Uchuu Senkan Yamato Festival. The second part was released half a decade later direct to home-video by Nippon Columbia. Later releases on DVD in 1999 and 2002 put both halves of the recap together for sale.
 5000 years ago, the Triton Family was living peacefully in Atlantis until the Poseidon Family destroyed them all. Triton, of the Triton Family line, embarks on an adventurous life in the sea fighting the Poseidon Family.
 Ruka and Rumi Kobayakawa are twin sisters in love with the same man, athletic upperclassman Katsuyuki Touma. Rumi seems supportive of Ruka's fledgling romance with Katsuyuki, until the twins are infected with a strange bacterium that transforms Rumi's personality and gifts the twins with terrifying psychic powers. Now Rumi will stop at nothing - or no one, that gets between her and Katsuyuki, including her own twin sister...
 "There's nothing wrong with liking another guy."To be in the arms of the person I love... I thought that was an unattainable dream...On an island off the coast of Okinawa, two young men meet on a beach. Shun Hashimoto is gay and aspires to be a novelist. He is interested in Mio Chibana, a somber high school student, and starts to flirt with him. Day by day, the two of them grow closer, but then, suddenly, Mio decides to leave the island.Three years later, Mio returns and approaches Shun with the words, "I've thought about it for the past three years. I like you, Shun, even if you're a guy." However, when faced with the prospect of finally becoming lovers with Mio, Shun cannot take the first step towards commitment. This is a tantalizing love story about a gay novelist and a younger part-time worker.
 Shun Hashimoto is an openly gay aspiring novelist living in Okinawa who was abandoned by his parents after coming out to them. Mio Chibana is a reserved, orphaned high school student, often found spending his time by the sea. One day, the two meet on the beach, and Shun is instantly captivated by Mio. The days fly by as they slowly begin to grow closer until Mio suddenly announces that he has to leave for the mainland.Three years pass before a 20-year-old Mio returns to Okinawa to confess his love to Shun. However, in those three years, Shun's life has changed. Will he be able to accept Mio's feelings and make such a commitment?As Mio boards the ferry, he promises to call and asks only one thing of Shun
 The first film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story).
 Plot Summary
 Umineko no Naku Koro ni takes place in the year 1986, during the time frame of October 4 and October 5 on a secluded island named Rokkenjima. The head of a wealthy family named Kinzo Ushiromiya, who lives on and owns Rokkenjima, is near death, and eight of his family members arrive on the island to discuss how Kinzo’s assets will be divided once he is dead.Also on the island are three family members who live there, five of Kinzo’s servants, and his personal physician. After the eight family members arrive, a typhoon traps them on the island and shortly after people start to get mysteriously murdered. Genres
 Short animation series for Minato Aqua, Hoshou Marine, Gawr Gura, and Ninomae Ina'nis' collab.
 Shinj?r? Y?ki and Inga work together to solve mysteries in a near future timeline. This episode will depict the protagonists Shinj?r? and Inga’s first encounter. The story is based on the works of Ango Sakaguchi (Aoi Bungaku Series’ “In the Forest, Under Cherries in Full Bloom”), a post-World War II Japanese novel and essayist.
 The episode depicted the protagonists Yuuki Shinjuurou and Inga's first encounter.
 Prequel film of UN-GO telling the encounter of Shinjuurou and Inga.
  After World War II, Allied Command in Japan developed a new agency to help manage terrorism and violence within the Pacific region. The agency was staffed with ninja and they were initially tasked to handle domestic affairs. Eventually that program grew to its current form, managing 20,000 ninja across a range of domestic and international affairs. One of those ninjas happens to be Kudo. The seventeen-year-old high school loser is now poised to be the next line of defense against a potential surge in foreign assassins invading Tokyo.
 Under the Dog takes place in 2025 in Neo Tokyo, five years after a devastating terrorist attack at the Tokyo Olympics. In the wake of the tragedy, the U.N. formed a covert ops unit dedicating to seeking out, then eliminating those responsible for the attack. Anthea Kallenberg, a girl of Swedish descent is a member of this elite group who has honed her combat abilities and has become a deadly assassin, but must come to terms as to who she really is.
 The anime's story centers on Akira Kiyose, who sings on a video streaming site under the singer name "KIKUNOYU." One day the talent agency sMiLea Production scouts him. sMiLea is an agency founded by the retired legendary idol pair AneLa to train new budding idols. Akira then forms an idol group with Banri Naoe and Chihiro Isuzugawa, who were also scouted. Their new group, Protostar, will have their debut alongside other new idol groups with sMiLea Production
 Mysterious warriors appear to blast Miki into another dimension! She flees her captors only to find herself trapped in a world of monsters and madmen who plot the downfall of Earth.The only power that can possible save her (and the world) is that of the mysterious Mask of Zeguy. Miki must embark on a life-or-death quest for this talisman, with the villains who kidnapped in hot pursuit!
 High-schooler Akutsu Takuma has learned to accept his lonely lot in life and is content surrounded by his studies, but when the god Odin taps him to save the world alongside nine Valkyries fueled by intimacy, Takuma can say good-bye to his solitary existence!
 When Imperial forces attack the small border town of Bruhl, Welkin Gunther, son of late General Belgen Gunther, is forced to fight for his life alongside Town Watch captain Alicia Melchiott. Along with Welkin’s adopted sister Isara, the three escape to Gallia’s capital and subsequently join the country’s militia forces.As members of the newly-formed Squad 7, they must work to repel the invading Imperial forces and discover the true purpose of the invasion itself.
 The "beautiful girl sexy battle action" anime is set on five artificial islands. Mamori is a "mermaid" transferred to one of those islands. When Mamori is attacked, a newly transferred girl named Mirei saves her. The enemy doesn't stop, however, and the two are soon cornered. Just when they think all hope is lost, Mirei kisses Mamori, and Mamori turns into a sword. Mirei then wields the sword and launches a counterattack against their enemies.
 Mini OVA episodes bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Valkyrie Drive
 Mini OVA episodes bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Valkyrie Drive
 An anime adaptation of the smartphone game that features a character named Holmes in London, but against his name, he is a private detective who does not reason or even explain mysteries. However, he always solves the cases requested. He secretly undertakes a mission from the Metropolitan Police of London to search vampires.
 The world is a dark, brooding place populated by humans, but ruled in reality by powerful beings known as the Darkstalkers, and there is constant conflict between them as they try to determine who is the most powerful of them all. Zombies, vampires, werewolves - all of them compete in contests of strength and sheer will to attain their own personal goals.All of this becomes moot when a race of Aztec robots called the Huitzil decide that humanity isn`t worth saving, and start waging war on the world, while in the sky, a solar god from outer space plots the conquest of Earth. And the Darkstalkers must become unwilling allies in order to save the world.
 10,000 years in the future, the world has become a very different place; monsters roam the land freely, and people, although equipped with high-tech weapons and cybernetic horses, live a humble life reminiscent of millennia past.A small hamlet is plagued by monster attacks, living under the shadow of rule by Count Magnus Lee, a powerful vampire lord who has ruled the land for thousands of years. When a young girl is bitten by the Count and chosen as his current plaything, she seeks out the help of a quiet wandering stranger, D. It so happens that D is a renowned vampire hunter, and he takes it upon himself to cut through the Count's many minions, and put an end to the his rule.
 10,000 years in the future, the world has become a very different place; monsters roam the land freely, and people, although equiped with high tech weapons and cybernetic horses, live a humble life more suited to centuries past. The story focuses on a small hamlet plagued by monster attacks and living under the shadow of rule by Count Magnus Lee, a powerful vampire lord who has ruled the land for thousands of years. When a young girl is bitten by the Count and chosen as his current plaything, she seeks out help of a quiet wandering stranger, D. It so happens that D is one of the world`s best vampire hunters, and he takes it upon himself to cut through Magnus Lee`s many minions, and put an end to the Count`s rule.
 The story revolves around D, the infamous "dunpeal" (born of a vampire father and a human mother) outcast and renowned vampire hunter. His prowess at hunting the creatures of the night allowing his acceptance among humans, he is called upon to locate Charlotte Elbourne, the lovely daughter of an affluent family who has been mysteriously kidnapped.When the sun sets, the hunt goes on! Charlotte`s father offers a rich bounty, be she dead or alive, a task D willingly accepts, even with notorious Markus brothers and their gang of bounty hunters seeking the prize as well. Amidst the chase and unknown to all lurks a sinister evil which has been secretly manipulating their every move and has set a chilling trap that none will expect and few will survive. With the tables turned and the secrets revealed, the hunters could quickly become the hunted!
 It's been a long winter for mankind, overthrown from its place of dominance after being defeated in the great war against vampires.A small city-state protected by a massive wall of light has become one of the last strongholds of the human race -its leaders determined to regain control over the world they have lost.But within the oppressive city walls, young Momo dreams of a peaceful coexistence with humans' greatest foe.On the other side, vampire queen Fine, who once loved a human, has decided to desert the battlefield.Seen as betrayers by their own kind, the two have a fateful encounter during yet another savage battle. Together they start a journey in search of "Eden," an utopic garden of peace that old stories are whispering about, but no-one has ever seen...
 It's been a long winter for mankind, overthrown from its place of dominance after being defeated in the great war against vampires.A small city-state protected by a massive wall of light has become one of the last strongholds of the human race -its leaders determined to regain control over the world they have lost.But within the oppressive city walls, young Momo dreams of a peaceful coexistence with humans' greatest foe.On the other side, vampire queen Fine, who once loved a human, has decided to desert the battlefield.Seen as betrayers by their own kind, the two have a fateful encounter during yet another savage battle. Together they start a journey in search of "Eden," an utopic garden of peace that old stories are whispering about, but no-one has ever seen...
 Cross Academy is an elite boarding school with two separate, isolated classes
 Yuuki wants to know more about her true family and her forgotten past and starts a research. The secret will be revealed. Yuki, Kaname and Zero will show the begining of a new mystery and a forbidden love.
 As a direct continuation of the first season, Zero comes back after his disappearance from the academy. Despite her relief, Yuuki, whose past is still shrouded in mystery, wonders what exactly happened to Zero during the separation. As Zero continues having the strange vision that appeared since the day he drank Kaname's blood, he visits the now awakened Maria Kurenai in an attempt to find answers. She only provides him with a cryptic answer that suggests who the true enemy really might be.In the meantime, vampires from the Supreme Vampire Council arrive at the academy in order to punish Zero with death for his sin of killing a pureblood. However, Kaname intervenes with the council's decision with not only the intention of saving Zero but with another purpose unbeknown to everyone around him.
 A quiet gothic horror story about a vampire girl, Miyu, whose destiny it is to hunt down murderous demons known as Shinma and return them to their land of origin, the Dark. Miyu is pursued by the Spiritualist Himiko, determined to find out who Miyu is and to stop her from sucking the life blood from helpless humans. Each of the four episodes chronicle one of Miyu's encounters with a Shinma and the humans that it is affecting, from the perspective of Himiko's pursuit of Miyu.
 The rural American west is the setting for this OVA, in which a bizarre and brutal attack on a NASA base in Arizona attracts the attention of a French secret service agent, Monsieur Lassar, when a dead CIA agent is found floating on the Seine in Paris. Lassar is convinced that these two events are related, and sets out to prove it. His investigation leads him to film star Lamia Vindaw and a vampire cult that may be far more vicious and dangerous than its eccentric exterior makes it seem.
 In a universe where men and women are mortal enemies, Hibiki is captured by a band of female pirates. The group find themselves stranded with a super ship they dub the Nirvana and set out for the female home planet. Along the way, they discover the existence of the “The Harvest” and the possible destruction of both men and women.
 Life sucks for Hibiki. Intergalactic society has broken into civil war between males and females; he's stuck on the assembly line for war mecha, relentlessly teased by his co-workers and unable to pursue his dreams of building his own mecha one day. He finally decides he's had enough though, and attempts to break in and steal a mech for his own purposes; this turns out to be a bad idea, thrusting him into the middle of a fever-pitch space battle that brings him face to face with the enemy and launches him into an adventure that will change his mundane life forever.
 Though Hibiki and crew defeated a super-huge battleship of the earth in the last of the first stage, they noticed five battleships further aiming at Mejeiru and Tarahk. And, crew of NIRVANA learnt Tarahk and Mejeiru which were their home had been faced to the crisis of Karitori ( reaping ). Travel to their home is speed up so that they may inform of the crisis. On the way, current information of the earth having been brought by girl Misty who had come to travel with them was worse than they can imagine. Hibiki and crew noticed a true fight was in the future. VANDREAD is finally changed into final system by the attack of the enemy who becomes violent more and more. Can they save their home? And, what happens to the relations between Hibiki and Dita?
 Vandread Gekitouhen (Vandread Turbulence), similiar to Vandread Taidouhen, is an OVA summary of Vandread the Second Stage plus several extra scenes
 Though Hibiki and crew defeated a super-huge battleship of the earth in the last of the first stage, they noticed five battleships further aiming at Mejeiru and Tarahk. And, crew of NIRVANA learnt Tarahk and Mejeiru which were their home had been faced to the crisis of Karitori ( reaping ). Travel to their home is speed up so that they may inform of the crisis. On the way, current information of the earth having been brought by girl Misty who had come to travel with them was worse than they can imagine. Hibiki and crew noticed a true fight was in the future. VANDREAD is finally changed into final system by the attack of the enemy who becomes violent more and more. Can they save their home? And, what happens to the relations between Hibiki and Dita?
 Having been forced to sleep with the cold empress for a hundred year, he gave up one of his spirits so as to get away from her!! In this life, he is reborn to be a man who marries into and live with his bride’s family, being adept with both martial arts and spell, let’s see how he will rock the continent that is full of disdains.
 The special of the day is Variable Geo-a brutal battle between waitresses who serve up generous portions of energy blasts and vicious side orders of murderous martial artistry.For buffed beauties who make below-minimum wages, VG is the perfect way to make some fast cash. The victorious walk away with millions, and the defeated lose everything (namely, all their clothes).But this high-stakes sport has dark forces and dubious practices behind the fun and games. Lethal injections make steroids seem like vitamins. Instead of team prayer, there's demonic possession. Athletic sponsors are malevolent corporations with a more frightening agenda than increased market share. It's all just part of the game.
 The special of the day is Variable Geo-a brutal battle between waitresses who serve up generous portions of energy blasts and vicious side orders of murderous martial artistry.For buffed beauties who make below-minimum wages, VG is the perfect way to make some fast cash. The victorious walk away with millions, and the defeated lose everything (namely, all their clothes).But this high-stakes sport has dark forces and dubious practices behind the fun and games. Lethal injections make steroids seem like vitamins. Instead of team prayer, there's demonic possession. Athletic sponsors are malevolent corporations with a more frightening agenda than increased market share. It's all just part of the game.
 * Based on a manga of the same name by Kurono Nanae, serialised in Comic Blade Zebel and later in Comic Blade Avarus.Vampires Charles J. Chrishunds (Charley) and Johnny Rayflo have a strange relationship. Charley is a cyborg and a vampire hunter for the Vatican, while his master Johnny enjoys a playboy lifestyle. While fighting crimes involving vampires, Charley struggles to control his lust for blood.
 The flyer from this year's AnimeJapan 2017 event revealed that Vatican Kiseki Chousakan will receive an OVA episode.
 In the near future, Japan has developed sophisticated digital and image technology. People are enthusiastic for a new type of entertainment called "FORMULA VENUS." Abbreviated as "F-V," it is a sorted live battle of the top idol performances based on the idols' power, techniques, and developed experience. The story is about the drama that happens among the girls in VENUS PROJECT as they aim for the top by concentrating on difficult battles, passion, and friendship.
 Venus Versus Virus follows regular schoolgirl Sumire who's had the ability to see ghosts since a young age. She tells friends and family about this fact and they just dismiss it, thinking she's a liar. A chance encounter with a broach flying out of nowhere, a monster and gothloli clad monster killer named Lucia leaves her with a life changing decision to use her ability and fight against these "viruses" feeding upon the human race.
 Venus Versus Virus follows regular schoolgirl Sumire who's had the ability to see ghosts since a young age. She tells friends and family about this fact and they just dismiss it, thinking she's a liar. A chance encounter with a broach flying out of nowhere, a monster and gothloli clad monster killer named Lucia leaves her with a life changing decision to use her ability and fight against these "viruses" feeding upon the human race.
 In the 21st century, mankind lives on two worlds. Following the collision of an ice asteroid, massive terraforming has made Venus a planet now capable of supporting life. Colonists from Earth tamed the hostile world and have thrived for four generations. But they also brought the darker side of humanity. Venus is about to become hostile again.Hiro Seno, a hotshot motorcycle jockey, witnesses the first strike against his country Aphrodia, by the rival nation of Ishtar. Huge battle tanks and war planes quickly lay waste to the city. The Aphrodian army is quick to mobilize and retaliate... and despite his opposition to warfare, Hiro finds himself fighting for his life on the front lines.
 In the 21st century, mankind lives on two worlds. Following the collision of an ice asteroid, massive terraforming has made Venus a planet now capable of supporting life. Colonists from Earth tamed the hostile world and have thrived for four generations. But they also brought the darker side of humanity. Venus is about to get hostile again.Hiro Seno, a hotshot motorcycle jockey, witnesses the first strike against his country Aphrodia, by the rival nation of Ishtar. Huge battletanks and warplanes quickly lay waste to the city. The Aphrodian army is quick to mobilize and retaliate... and despite his opposition to warfare, Hiro finds himself fighting for his life on the front lines.
 Oraku is a lucky man. He has a comfortable job teaching at a local High School. He has Satsuki, a fellow teacher whom he hopes to marry someday. He has Aya, a beautiful student who has fallen in love with him. He has Aya's father, a wealthy man who wants so much for his little girl to be happy that he has sent her to live with Oraku. Oraku is a very lucky man.Of course Aya loves nothing more than to come on to Oraku by lounging around his apartment half naked. Unfortunately for Oraku, Aya's father happens to be wealthy because he is a major crime boss, and he will have Oraku slowly murdered if Aya doesn't remain absolutely pure.Now Oraku must not only restrain himself, but also protect Aya from the hordes of men and woman at school who'd love to get their hands on her body. And of course, if Satsuki or any of the other teachers find out that Oraku is living with one of his students, he will be permanently dismissed from the teaching profession! Oh yes Oraku is lucky...
 In an alternate 21st century, the robotics industry undergoes a period of rapid advancement worldwide. By the year 2050, Japan has firmly established itself as the leader in robotic technology and manufacture with Daiwa Heavy Industries. As the technology evolves to include robotic enhancements to the human body, the blurring of the line between man and machine triggers a sudden shift in world opinion. In response, the U.N. passes a unilateral ban of further research and development on robotics in 2067. Japan fiercely objects to this ban, but is unable to prevent its passage. In protest, Japan withdrew from international politics and chose to pursue a policy of high-tech national isolation. While only trade continues, Japan disappears from the world scene.Ten years later, a series of bizarre incidents lead the American technology police agency SWORD to believe that Japan has concealed extensive development of banned technologies through the use of the RACE network. SWORD dispatches a unit of special agents to infiltrate Japan and gather intelligence on the country. Vexille, a veteran agent among the group, uncovers the horrifying truth behind the ten years of isolation.
 10 years has passed since Japan had decided to leave the United Nations to go into isolation. They have completely blocked the islands with an ultra magnetic field which prevents anyone to see what is going inside, nor for people to travel in/out of the country. This was a result to opposing to a treaty which UN has passed, preventing the development of all bio and robot technology which has evolved drastically and has become a threat to the human beings. When Japan finally begins to move, the US government sends in a special force team SWORD, lead by a female commander Vexille, to investigate what is really happening inside the closed country. What has become of Japan? Why did this happen? What is Daiwa trying to do? Who is Maria, and why is she helping Vexille? Will Vexille be able to find out the answers to avoid the world from falling apart? One mystery leads to another which directs to the dramatic ending....
 Welcome on board the drakkar to sail the seas and share the adventures of our Viking crew. In his home village of Flake or coming alongside far and unknown lands, you will share unique adventures with Vicky.The main characters are Vic, a young, frail and ingenious Viking boy; his father Halvar, the Captain of the Drakkar and chief elect of ‘Flake’ the home village, and the villagers, mainly the other plunder crewmen, including druid Urobe, the ever-quarreling companions Tjure and Snorre, the simple giant Flaxe, squeaky-voiced navigator Gorm and bard Ulme; also Vic’s bossy mother Ylva, mischievous urchin-rival Gilby, who is jealous that Vic is allowed to sail with the men, and Vic’s equally inquisitive little cousin, Ylvi. Halvar’s sworn enemy is the rascally captain Sven and his crew of incompetent oafs, but most episodes have other antagonists.
 The series follows Vicky and Johnny, two exuberant children who become involved in several boy vs. girl matches.
 When Youta is told by the girl he likes, Moemi, that she likes someone else, he rents a video girl tape from a strange video rental shop. When he plays the tape at home, Video Girl Ai emerges from the screen to help him win Moemi's love. But Yohta's VCR had been malfunctioning and now Ai's personality isn't quite what it was designed to be.
 Takashi Katori is a big fan of online games, and so is his American friend Sarah. However, one of their RPGs goes too far, as their virtual world and the Lezarion robot that Takashi created for the game somehow mix with reality. Takashi is caught, but later the Earth Governement discovers that an evil scientist from the Moon (now a sort of abandoned colony with restricted access) is hacking into virtual worlds and security, so they force Takashi to pilot the Lezarion and, with Sarah's help, fight evil and protect the Earth.
 Takashi Katori is a big fan of online games, and so is his American friend Sarah. However, one of their RPGs goes too far, as their virtual world and the Lezarion robot that Takashi created for the game somehow mix with reality. Takashi is caught, but later the Earth Governement discovers that an evil scientist from the Moon (now a sort of abandoned colony with restricted access) is hacking into virtual worlds and security, so they force Takashi to pilot the Lezarion and, with Sarah's help, fight evil and protect the Earth.
 The seventh prince of Yan, Yan Xi, who has the title of God of Coldness and Death, conquers the state of Qi in one fell swoop and takes away the young princess Tao Xiaowei of the fallen state. The five-year-old child, Tao Xiaowei, makes the palace restless and the cold-blooded prince experiences the hardships of raising a child for the first time.  When the two of them grow up, their feelings mingle and a bold little girl enters into the heart of the apathetic god of killing.
 For a thousand years, the Vikings have made quite a name and reputation for themselves as the strongest families with a thirst for violence. Thorfinn, the son of one of the Vikings' greatest warriors, spends his boyhood in a battlefield enhancing his skills in his adventure to redeem his most-desired revenge after his father was murdered.
 Second season of Vinland Saga.
 A new millennium begins in the southern part of the Jutland peninsula in Denmark. Thorfin was bought by the landowner Ketil as a "slave" and engaged in land reclamation work on his farm. Thorfinn meets a young man there, Einar, who was also a slave like him. The encounter of Einar led Thorfinn to face the sins he had committed and began to find meaning in life. On the other hand, Canute, who became the King of England, attempted to extend his territory for the establishment of "the promised land."This is "The Story of a True Warrior (Saga)." "The story of Atonement and Salvation (Saga)" that lies beyond the prologue.
 The World as we know it has been torn apart shattered by a series of natural disasters that have turned civilization into a brutish nightmare of survival and has left whole cities buried beneath the Earth. It's now a lethal and chaotic place, a place where only the strongest and most savage remain alive. The strongest of them all is a giant warrior known as Violence Jack...Violence Jack tries to avert a civil war brewing among the wretched inhabitants of a subterranean metropolis called Evil Town. Based on a character created by manga horror specialist, Nagai Gou.
 Kanto Hell Earthquake has demolished the metropolitan completely. After the earthquake, Slum King is kidnapping girls and sell them as sex slaves. Mari is wandering on the devastated field looking for her lover, Ken. But she is also kidnapped by them. While she is tortured and trained as a sex slave, Ken saves her. Ken has become the member of Slum King. The king offers condition to him; in return for releasing her, he has to kill Violence Jack.
 Kanto Hell Earthquake has demolished the metropolitan completely. After the earthquake, Slum King is kidnapping girls and sell them as sex slaves. Mari is wandering on the devastated field looking for her lover, Ken. But she is also kidnapped by them. While she is tortured and trained as a sex slave, Ken saves her. Ken has become the member of Slum King. The king offers condition to him; in return for releasing her, he has to kill Violence Jack.
 The survivors of Kanto's Hell Earthquake built a new city and christened it Hope Town. However, this peaceful town becomes a nightmare when it's raided by the motorcycle gang, Hell's Wind. They abduct the women while the remaining townsfolk are left helpless against them.Meanwhile, a boy, Subaro, meets Jun. Jun's lover was previously murdered, and the duo help one another to fight against Hell's Wind. The battles are getting more and more difficult, but with the appearance of Violence Jack, the citizens seem to gain the upper hand against Hell's Wind. Yet...
 The survivors of Kanto's Hell Earthquake built a new city and christened it "Hope Town". However, this peaceful town becomes a nightmare when it's raided by the motorcycle gang, "Hell's Wind". They abduct the women while the remaining townsfolk are left helpless against them.Meanwhile, a boy, Subaro, meets Jun. Jun's lover was previously murdered, and the duo help one another to fight against Hell's Wind. The battles are getting more and more difficult, but with the appearance of Violence Jack, the citizens seem to gain the upper hand against Hell's Wind.
 There are words Violet heard on the battlefield, which she cannot forget. These words were given to her by someone she holds dear, more than anyone else. She does not yet know their meaning.A certain point in time, in the continent of Telesis. The great war which divided the continent into North and South has ended after four years, and the people are welcoming a new generation.Violet Evergarden, a young girl formerly known as "the weapon," has left the battlefield to start a new life at CH Postal Service. There, she is deeply moved by the work of "Auto Memories Dolls," who carry people's thoughts and convert them into words.Violet begins her journey as an Auto Memories Doll, and comes face to face with various people's emotions and differing shapes of love. All the while searching for the meaning of those words.
 There are words Violet heard on the battlefield, which she cannot forget. These words were given to her by someone she holds dear, more than anyone else. She does not yet know their meaning.A certain point in time, in the continent of Telesis. The great war which divided the continent into North and South has ended after four years, and the people are welcoming a new generation.Violet Evergarden, a young girl formerly known as "the weapon," has left the battlefield to start a new life at CH Postal Service. There, she is deeply moved by the work of "Auto Memories Dolls," who carry people's thoughts and convert them into words.Violet begins her journey as an Auto Memories Doll, and comes face to face with various people's emotions and differing shapes of love. All the while searching for the meaning of those words.
 Isabella, the daughter of the noble York family, is enrolled in an all-girls academy to be groomed into a dame worthy of nobility. However, she has given up on her future, seeing the prestigious school as nothing more than a prison from the outside world. Her family notices her struggling in her lessons and decides to hire Violet Evergarden to personally tutor her under the guise of a handmaiden.At first, Isabella treats Violet coldly. Violet seems to be able to do everything perfectly, leading Isabella to assume that she was born with a silver spoon. After some time together, Isabella begins to realize that Violet has had her own struggles and starts to open up to her. Isabella soon reveals that she has lost contact with her beloved younger sister, Taylor Bartlett, whom she yearns to see again.Having experienced the power of words through her past clientele, Violet asks if Isabella wishes to write a letter to Taylor. Will Violet be able to help Isabella convey her feelings to her long-lost sister?
 Isabella, the daughter of the noble York family, is enrolled in an all-girls academy to be groomed into a dame worthy of nobility. However, she has given up on her future, seeing the prestigious school as nothing more than a prison from the outside world. Her family notices her struggling in her lessons and decides to hire Violet Evergarden to personally tutor her under the guise of a handmaiden.At first, Isabella treats Violet coldly. Violet seems to be able to do everything perfectly, leading Isabella to assume that she was born with a silver spoon. After some time together, Isabella begins to realize that Violet has had her own struggles and starts to open up to her. Isabella soon reveals that she has lost contact with her beloved younger sister, Taylor Bartlett, whom she yearns to see again.Having experienced the power of words through her past clientele, Violet asks if Isabella wishes to write a letter to Taylor. Will Violet be able to help Isabella convey her feelings to her long-lost sister?
 An original sequel to the TV anime which aired in 2018, the movie will follow "auto memory doll" Violet, still unable to forget about her former employer Gilbert, who taught her of love. One day, she meets his older brother Dietfried, who tells her that she should forget about Gilbert and move on - but it is impossible for her. Shortly after, Violet receives a call from a young client, while the post office discovers a letter with no address sitting in their warehouse.
 Several years have passed since the end of The Great War. As the radio tower in Leidenschaftlich continues to be built, telephones will soon become more relevant, leading to a decline in demand for "Auto Memory Dolls." Even so, Violet Evergarden continues to rise in fame after her constant success with writing letters. However, sometimes the one thing you long for is the one thing that does not appear.Violet Evergarden Movie follows Violet as she continues to comprehend the concept of emotion and the meaning of love. At the same time, she pursues a glimmer of hope that the man who once told her, "I love you," may still be alive even after the many years that have passed.
 Recap of Violet Evergarden.
 Recap of Violet Evergarden.
 In a post-apocalyptic world private mecha police corperations works to protect cities from terrorists using robots to destroy the cities. The mecha police consists of mainly lone male warriors and females doing support from the main office. The warriors are paied a bonus pr. kill and are highly competitive.In a post-apocalyptic world private mecha police corperations works to protect cities from terrorists using robots to destroy the cities. The mecha police units consists of mainly 5 lone male warriors and 5 females doing dispatchservice from the main office. The warriors are paied a bonus pr. kill and are highly competetive even within their own units, but there are also competition between units which is part of the plot.In the near future where global warming and World War III nearly ruined Earth, PMCs are the only remaining organizations able to provide law enforcement and self-defense protection to cities rebuilding from the aftermath of the two events.
 Akira Yuki has spent years honing his Bajiquan skills under the guidance of his grandfather. He yearns to see the constellation of the eight stars of heaven, which are only revealed to those with real strength. This burning desire urges him to embark on travels, so as to learn more about how to see the stars.Meanwhile, a nefarious robotics scientist, Eva Durix, desires to create the perfect soldier. Eva's group, Judgment 6, tracks down and kidnaps Sarah Bryant, a college student and close acquaintance of Akira who is investigating a mysterious accident concerning her brother. Akira must now fight his way to Sarah to save her from the clutches of Judgement 6, a perilous path sure to be paved with countless challenges.
 Akira Yuki has spent years honing his Bajiquan skills under the guidance of his grandfather. He yearns to see the constellation of the eight stars of heaven, which are only revealed to those with real strength. This burning desire urges him to embark on travels, so as to learn more about how to see the stars.Meanwhile, a nefarious robotics scientist, Eva Durix, desires to create the perfect soldier. Eva's group, Judgment 6, tracks down and kidnaps Sarah Bryant, a college student and close acquaintance of Akira who is investigating a mysterious accident concerning her brother. Akira must now fight his way to Sarah to save her from the clutches of Judgement 6, a perilous path sure to be paved with countless challenges.

 Neo Hong Kong, 2097
 Neo Hong Kong, 2097
 High school student Hitomi is transported from Earth to the magical world of Gaea, where she meets boy prince Van Fanel, and is caught up in his quest to unite the countries of Gaea against the ominous Zaibach empire. On the way, she discovers an hidden ability and strives to unravel layers of mystery surrounding Van, his past, and the giant machine known as Escaflowne.
 The tagline of the anime is "Thou shalt not be afraid, I am with you."
 Episodes 5.5, 5.75, and 13 bundled with the second, third, and fourth Blu-ray volumes of ViVid Strike!
 An original sci-fi action anime featuring a 14-year-old girl. The story takes place in a peaceful island filled with nature and technology.
 Recap of all 13 episodes of Vivy
 Mitsugu Banba is a high school girl who finds meaning in donating blood. She frequently visits a blood bank to donate blood, despite being harshly treated by the nurse. One day, she encounters a beautiful girl who looks like she's from overseas at the blood bank. The pale girl looks like she's about to faint any minute, but then, she starts destroying the blood bank. The girl loses consciousness and Mitsugu takes her home...
 A full 2D and 3D digital animation anime of a long distance love and mail messages between a boy and girl.Set in 2046 after the discovery of the ruins of an alien civilization on Mars, man has been able to make leaps in technology and is planning to send an expedition into space in the next year. Nagamine Mikako andTerao Noboru are junior high school students. However, while Noboru will be entering senior high next winter, Mikako is selected to join the space expedition.
 It is the dawn of the 21st century. The cataclysmic earthquake which reduced half of Tokyo to a broken landscape of twisted steel and shattered stone was only the first sign of the impending apocalypse.Athletic and popular, Isato Kaiza was an otherwise ordinary student. But nothing could've prepared him for the day he was given a Caizer Stone by fellow student Kash , alias Hellstinger. Armed with the mysterious crystal, Isato now possesses the power to transform into the armored hero
 Golion, a powerful sentient robot, abuses his great powers by attacking and killing creatures known as Deathblack Beastmen, boasting that no one could defeat him. A divine space being punishes Golion for his arrogance and abuse by seperating him into 5 different lion robots.In the year 1999, a group of 5 young men return to Earth after a space voyage, only to find it ravaged by nuclear war. After encountering the alien race known as the Galra, the 5 youths end up on the planet Altea, and learn that the 5 lion robots that Golion was split into are in hibernation in various parts of Altea. Somehow, they must reunite the lions and form Golion, the only hope for the human race.
 In the original storyline as aired in Japan, Dairugger XV was simply an exploration robot, as well as an intended peace-keeping force. The Earth is in a time of prosperity. The president of the Terran League (the "Galaxy Alliance" in Voltron) launches a mission to explore beyond the galaxy. After commencing its mission of exploration, the starship Rugger-Guard is attacked by a ship of the Galbeston Empire. Dairugger, the super robot, is deployed in order to defend the Earth. It is somewhat by fate that they must help the people of Galbeston find a new planet before it explodes, and liberate it from its despotic Emperor. In the Japanese version, it does not have anything to do with King of the Beasts GoLion, as opposed to the U.S. version, Voltron
 Golion, a powerful sentient robot, abuses his great powers by attacking and killing creatures known as Deathblack Beastmen, boasting that no one could defeat him. A divine space being punishes Golion for his arrogance and abuse by seperating him into 5 different lion robots.In the year 1999, a group of 5 young men return to Earth after a space voyage, only to find it ravaged by nuclear war. After encountering the alien race known as the Galra, the 5 youths end up on the planet Altea, and learn that the 5 lion robots that Golion was split into are in hibernation in various parts of Altea. Somehow, they must reunite the lions and form Golion, the only hope for the human race.
 Baba Lamunade is followed home by two strange peddler girls who give him a CD-rom game. After he beats "The Legend of Lamuness", the girls come out of his computer and bring him to DokiDoki Space. He is the third descendant of the hero Lamuness who must stop Don Genosai from resurrecting the great evil Abraham. Accompanied by PQ, his advisor robot, and Parfait and Cacao, he must pilot the Kaizer Fire mecha. However, he needs another pilot, and Da Cider is chosen as the second pilot.
 To save the galaxy from impending doom, Cacao and Parfait are sent on a mission through time and space to retrieve the Fourth Warrior, Lamunes.Unfortunately, Cacao and Parfait discover Lamunes at the helm of the marauding Giga Genos invasion fleet. World by world, Lamunes is determined to bring the entire galaxy under his tyrannical heel. With the help of a plicky orphan, it's up to Cacao and Parfait to stop Lamunes from taking over the world.
 TV Anime adaptation for VTuber Nandaga Haishin Kiri Wasuretara Densetsu ni Natteta
 Yukiya, who is "probably" 14 years old, spends his time DJ-ing alone. Due to his father's influence, he's listened to house music since he was young, and he uploads videos online. He wants to convey something to someone. He wants to be recognized, and become important. But getting hurt is scary. One day, while trying to get more views, he does something that can't be undone. And he sees a live broadcast from "that world." Yukiya believes he can't do anything alone, but that he could accomplish something if he were doing it together with someone else.
 Unaired episode bundled with the first Blu-ray/DVD volume of W'z.
 The new series continues the Pretty Series' conceptual motifs of song, dance, and fashion, and it also adds the theme of magic. Middle-school first-year student Matsuri Hinoya loves festivals, and she dreams of one day being able to star in "PriMagi," a magic-like form of stage entertainment borne from song, dance and fashion. That day arrives when the hyper-spirited, trouble-making magician Myamu arrives from the magical realm and scouts Matsuri for PriMagi. Together, the two compete with rivals to rise to the top of PriMagi.
 Earth has been conquered by the evil Illumidus Empire, with parallels drawn to the U.S. post World War II occupation of Japan. Captain Harlock with a group that will become his life long friends begin their fight against this tyranny visited upon the planet Earth, with no regard to the costs the struggle will have on them, caring only for the ideal of restoring freedom to the people of Earth.
 Earth has been conquered by the evil Illumidus Empire, with parallels drawn to the U.S. post World War II occupation of Japan. Captain Harlock with a group that will become his life long friends begin their fight against this tyranny visited upon the planet Earth, with no regard to the costs the struggle will have on them, caring only for the ideal of restoring freedom to the people of Earth.
 At the end of Arcadia of My Youth Capitain Harlock and the crew of the space ship Arcadia had been banished from Earth. The Earth, as well as many other planets in the universe had been taken over by the Illumidus, a race of destructive humanoids who ruin, enslave or destroy almost any inhabitable planet they come across. In "Endless Orbit SSX" Harlock battles the Illumidus while searching for a mythical "Planet of Peace" where all the peoples of the universe can live freely and without war.
 Mr. Matsuzawa is a novelist who lives in Chiba Prefecture. Only his daughter Kazuko knows that the family dog, Don Matsugorou, can talk. Don is wounded in a fight with the neighbors' dog, King, a nouveau-riche mongrel with ideas above his station. At the vet, however, he falls in love with a little patchwork puppy called Chotaro.
 Even though he's just a student, the protagonist in Wagamama High Spec also happens to be the author of a manga published in a weekly magazine. Since it's mainly an ecchi and romcom type of story, he is actually hiding this fact from most people around him. The only people that know are his younger sister and his best friend.But then on one day, the student council president happens to find out his secret, just as she was actually looking for a male member to include in the student council. Afraid of having his secret exposed, our protagonist joins the student council under the promise of his secret staying safe.
 Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy.One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede.Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same...
 Noboru and Toru are two brothers that have grown away from their family’s secret. The fact that their family can use the Water ki and can ward off demons. But when a demon is after Toru’s life, in order for the family to keep him safe they need to awaken the fox-spirit K?gen. K?gen will not help for the sake of the family but only for the sake of the children’s late mother.
 The story centers around the activities of Wakaba Kohashi, "a slightly out-of-tune super" daughter of a well-to-do family, and her friends. Wakaba (literally, "young leaves") looks like an elegant rich daughter, but she admires the trendy gyaru fashion subculture. There is also the pure, innocent, fairy-tale-like Moeko. Mao is capricious and behaves in her own way. Nao used to be an athletic type of girl, but now loves the boys-love genre.
 Extra episode bundled with the second Blu-ray and DVD volume of Wakaba*Girl.
 Murasaki Wakako, who is 26 years old, loves going out alone to enjoy eating and drinking, especially when something unpleasant happens at work. This manga follows Wakako through many solitary outings, where she enjoys different combinations of food and drink!
 Nan Harding is the new student at Mr. and Mrs. Bhaer's school. Everyone thinks that she is a pain in the head, but not Mrs. Jo. Together with the other kids, they all embark on their personal adventures and misfortunes while learning in school.
 Charlotte is a girl who lives on a farm in Canada. On her 12th birthday, her father tells her that her mother, whom Charlotte has always believed to be dead, is actually alive and living in Paris, but soon she will arrive to live with them! Charlotte is very upset about this at first, but just when she adjusts to the idea, her father soon dies! Now Charlotte must face many challenges to live. She discovers that her father was from a noble family and her grandfather wants to force Charlotte to return to the family. She doesn't know her mother at all. Meanwhile, a landowner is trying to steal away her father's farm! Poor Charlotte...
 12-year-old Oriko Seki, who lost her parents in a car accident, ended up living in her grandmother's Onsen Ryokan "Haru no Ya." With the ghost "Uribou" cohabitating with her and all the other odds, she ended up training to be a young female innkeeper. At first, she didn't like the training, but gradually felt her admiration for her title and began to train seriously. Thus, the growth of the young warrior Oriko begins.
 "Wake Up, Girl Zoo!" is a small zoo located in the outskirts of Sendai. On the verge of closure, its director Tange and breeding staff Matsuda must set out to find a new animal unit for the zoo. How will they revive the zoo with the seven newly gathered animals?
 Green Leaves Entertainment is a tiny production company on the verge of going out of business in Sendai, the biggest city in Japan's northeastern Tohoku region. The agency once managed the careers of magicians, photo idols, fortune-tellers, and other entertainers, but its last remaining client finally quit. In danger of having zero talent (literally), the president Tange hatches an idea of producing an idol group. On the brash president's orders, the dissatisfied manager Matsuda heads out to scout raw talent. Matsuda makes a fateful encounter with a certain girl...
 Second movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!.
 Movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!, announced at Wake Up, Girls! Festa.2014 Winter.
 Green Leaves Entertainment is a tiny production company on the verge of going out of business in Sendai, the biggest city in Japan's northeastern Tohoku region. The agency once managed the careers of magicians, photo idols, fortune-tellers, and other entertainers, but its last remaining client finally quit. In danger of having zero talent (literally), the president Tange hatches an idea of producing an idol group. On the brash president's orders, the dissatisfied manager Matsuda heads out to scout raw talent. Matsuda makes a fateful encounter with a certain girl...

 In order to explore the newly discovered planet, Promethe, there are many projects are running all over the world.Here in Japan, under the direction of Dr. Oedo, "Space Carrier Jasdum" and "Planet Robot Dangard A" are being built. Ichimonji Takuma is a candidate for the pilot of Dangard A. His father, Ichimonji Dantetsu, was a famous space pilot.However, Dantetsu went missing after a mysterious accident, and the people blamed him for the accident. In order to clear his name, Takuma is trying to become a space pilot and succeed in the project. Will Takuma become the pilot
 Walkure Romanze is The story centers around Takahiro Mizuno, a student training to be a begleiter (knight’s assistant) at an academy where aspiring knights joust. He himself had come to this academy to train as a knight, after becoming the unrivaled junior champion in his own home country. However, an injury in a tournament’s finals forced him to withdraw. Instead, he decides to be a begleiter to one of the academy’s maiden knights and help her win.
 1663 Common Era, the youngest leader of the Ming dynasty's navy Lu Changfeng is to escort an official to capture criminals but was attacked by a ghost fleet and sea beasts, causing the entire envoy to be sunk. Lu Changfeng was saved by a mysterious girl from the ocean bottom and followed her to the international center of commerce of the Age of Sail
 Unexpectedly, when he arrived in Yishi, Shangshi County, he was met with a cold reception. Ge Qin showed his style as a snake, and Yili was unfavorable in the first battle. At that time, the girl came to stab Ge Tan in Chun Qiu. Yiliu took advantage of this incident to declare his sovereignty in the colors of Xuantiansi. But the assassination in Chun Qiu failed, and Yiliu rescued Chun Qiu in good faith. But he was tied to the grove in Chun Qiu.The two talked secretly, and Yiruo learned from the mouth of the ancient clan in November, realizing that he could use the power of the ancient clan to fight against Xuan Tiansi, so he detoxified for November and planned to recruit her for her own use. Unexpectedly, Xuan Tiansi Mi Li led the chasing soldiers to surround the grove, the two were in danger, Ge Tan also appeared at this time.

 At the end of the 2020 calendar, the Stern Land, which has reached the end of civilization due to the end of the magic element, ushers in the destruction of land under The Storm of Emptiness. Ye Xuan, the last god on the mainland, unexpectedly awakened in an era of prosperous magic civilization 3,000 years ago and became a regular student at the Sith Academy of Magic on the border of the Kingdom of Orlando in the northwest of the mainland. To save the land and prevent the coming apocalypse, Ye Xuan began exploring the mystery of the dark chaos that led to the depletion of magic elements on the mainland 3,000 years ago, to prevent a land crisis. The Elves, Dragons, Orcs and all living races, growing vitality, and noble continents, made Ye Xuan more aware of his mission. The God of a Thousand Realms, this beautiful world, this life will be saved by Ye Xuan!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second and third season of Wonderland of Ten Thousands. Season 3 started from episode 41
 Ye Xingyu’’s master Yu Huanxian went and left a giant Tianyuan Shenzong. Ye Xingyun became the new leader of the Tianyuan Shenzong. At the same time, the civet cat exchanged Prince Edward’s method and became a child of a small family, hidden in it, waiting for revenge. Opportunity. Ye Xingyun embarked on a very dangerous road, but with his own strategy, and Tianyuan Shenzong masters of all the help of experts, vertical and horizontal tactics, strategizing, against the huge Grand Dynasty.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding


 Third season of Wan Sheng Jie.
 The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses.


 In the year 2115 of the Fortress, Wei Qin, commander of the border troops, went to the Fortress to participate in the selection of the elected official and to secretly investigate those responsible for the Border incident. At the same time, the No. 1 public enemy, Yuan Yi, launched a major revolt. As the plot progresses, all parties are involved in this quest. How is Wei Qin going to sort out the true from the false and bring the truth out?
 Heavenly Dao is eternal, however life is limited, making heaven and earth pieces of a chessboard.Gu Hai from the 21st century was taken onto another world. Gu Hai became a formidable opponent in the area of trade. In the times of war, he comes up with strategies for the Chen Empire against the Song Empire.A fairy from heaven became interested in him and gave him a mission to complete on his journey. However this may bring turmoil and chaos upon the world.
 The second season of Wangu Xian Qiong.
 After losing a street race to Tatsuya Shima’s legendary “Blackbird” Porsche 911 Turbo, high school student Akio Asakura purchases a heavily-modified first-generation Datsun S30 Fairlady Z from a junkyard. The car has a dark history of accidents, leading some to believe it’s cursed; hence its nickname “Devil Z.”Akio also discovers that the Z’s first owner shared his first and last name, and was killed in the car during a race with the Blackbird. Meanwhile, fashion model Reina Akikawa joins the rivalry between Akio and Tatsuya with her modified Nissan Skyline GT-R R32.
 In a world where yin and yang has lost its balance and day merged with night, humans and monsters learn to coexist. Our hardworking censorates do their best to fight the ‘untamed’ monsters in this joyful story.

 A small town boy whose spiritual seed was abolished unexpectedly received the favor of an ancient treasure. In a prosperous world of martial arts, in a perilous situation, what should Wang Hao, who is in the center of the whirlpool, do?
 Third season of Wangu Xian Qiong.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 This anime film tells the story of the god Susanoo (as a cute boy), whose mother Izanami had passed away. He was deeply hurt by the loss of his mother, but his father Izanagi told him that once she had died, she had gone to the heavens. Despite Izanagi's warnings, Susanoo eventually sets off to find her. Along with his companions Akahana (a little talking rabbit) and Taitanbo (a strong but friendly giant from the Land of Fire), Susanoo overcomes all obstacles in his long, wonderous voyage. He eventually comes to the Izumo Province, where he meets a little girl, Princess Kushinada, whom he becomes friends with (He also thought she was so beautiful that she looks like his mother Izanami). Kushinada's family tells Susanoo that their other seven daughters were sacrificed to the fearsome eight-headed serpent, the Orochi. Susanoo was so infatuated with Kushinada that he decided to help her family protect her and slay the Orochi once and for all, as he, Akahana and Taitanbo prepare for the spectacular showdown...
 The hero of Wansa-kun is Wansa, a puppy who is sold for a pittance, then escapes, and spends much of the rest of the series looking for his mother.
 The story begins with the arrival of a brave young boy in Paris. His ambition is to join the glorious Imperial Guards, but fierce competition and the minimum age requirement hinder him from joining. The boy then challenges the well-known Three Musketeers in order to demonstrate his excellent skills with the sword. However, at the very moment the fight begins, a power-hungry group cuts in. Realizing their wicked intention, the boy D'artagnan and the Three Musketeers quickly cooperate and defeat them. This is the beginning of their friendship and commitment to fight conspiracy.
 This is the story of the fun-filled "daily life" of girls who strive to be true ladies, while being educated and trained in magic, and learning proper manners at the dorm-based magical academy city of Ashram.
 This is the story of the fun-filled "daily life" of girls who strive to be true ladies, while being educated and trained in magic, and learning proper manners at the dorm-based magical academy city of Ashram.
 Yuzuru was an average teenager who had almost forgotten that he was betrothed to Azusa when he was only six! Now arriving to claim what she feels is rightfully hers, only Satomi (Yuzuru's current girlfriend) stands in her way... and with the mysterious and frightening powers that Azusa brings, Satomi won't stand in her way for long!
 Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
 Specials of Warau Salesman broadcasted intermittently during the main show not included in the episode count of the main show. They are 3 times the length of a normal episode and fill a half hour time-slot.
 The prologue to Warau Salesman that aired a week before the official episode 1 was released.
 Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...
 Animation film celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Senba Center Building. Based on the manga "A manga in the Semba Center Building" by You Machida.One day, manga artist YOU Machida received a request to draw the Semba Center Building, which was celebrating its 50th anniversary. This is the story of a quiet dialogue between a manga artist who has suffered from depression in the past and the Senba Center Building, a generous old commercial facility that has lived for 50 years in the middle of Osaka, over a four-day period.
 The 13th episode of the TV anime bundled with the special limited first edition of the 7th manga volume.
 Kuroki Tomoko is a super popular, high school girl who has had 50 years of dating experience and 100 boys... in the Otome game world. In the real world, she is a 15-year-old shut in who has all of the qualities of a "mojo" (a gloomy or unpopular woman).However, when school isn't going as she expected, and she isn't as popular as she had thought she was, she takes a look at herself in the mirror for the first time in a few years, and has some shocking revelations...
 One day, fifth grader Hinata Hoshino brings her friend Hana Shirosaki to her house, and Hinata's sister Miyako, a college student, falls in love with with Hana at first sight. Miyako manages to get along with Hana somehow, but her clumsy behavior and shyness, makes Hana wary. Even so, Hana gradually opens up to Miyako, who wants to become closer to her.
 A new anime project for Watashi ni Tenshi ga Maiorita!, announced on the anime's official website and Twitter.
 Special bonus episode included on the third Blu-ray volume of Watashi ni Tenshi ga Maiorita!.
 Daddy Long Legs is based on the novel of the same name by Jean Webster. It chronicles the adventures of Judy Abbott, an orphan in New York. During a meeting for the superintendent, with other important and rich people in attendance, a scholarship is offered to Judy by a mysterious benefactor. Catching only a glimpse of his tall shadow as he leaves, Judy calls him "Daddy Long Legs" and writes him letters every month as per his request. While studying at the Lincoln Memorial school, she makes many friends and learns about a world she never knew about before.
 Life appears promising for Hime Shiraki, a girl with good grades, a flawless reputation, and a cute face to top it all off. As long as she can keep up her picture perfect facade, she will be able to accomplish her dream
 When the eldest daughter of the Ascham household, Adele, turned ten, she remembered everything from her past life when she was hit with a strong headache. She was Kurihara Misato in her previous life, who died when she was 18 trying to help a little girl, consequently followed by an encounter with God. During their meeting, she pleaded to lead an average life with average skills. After all, her somewhat capable self has been burdened with all the expectations brought up to her. However, things don't just go quite as planned as she has to be careful not upping to the S-ranks accidentally if she wishes to maintain her desired average life.
 The comedy shorts follow four girls who are members of the Luck Logic Club, whose activity is playing the Luck & Logic card game. Watashitachi, Luck Logic-bu! will air approximately one minute before each episode of the main series.
 The project's story is set in the city of Oarai in Ibaraki prefecture, and centers on Masaki Hinaoka, who befriends transfer student Shou Akitsuki before the summer break, and ends up getting hooked on surfing. Through the sport, Masaki will get to know new friends, and will also drift apart from them in his journey to adulthood.
 Humans acquired a perfect source of energy called "Patia", which brought self-sufficiency in food and fuel to all the people in the world. Trade and transportation began to diminish and finally the advance of the civilization terminated. Now the genetically modified plants cover almost all of the lands on earth and obstruct travelers.Cient, the leader of a fortress city, sets out on a trip to excavate the lost technology "Patia" with his daughter Ruri. When Ruri gets separated from her father, a giant humanoid weapon of the old age attacks her. Ruri is saved by a girl named Tekuni who is traveling around the world training as a "Wazabito" fighter.
 There are three known worlds--the human world, the angel world, and the devil world. The evil queen Raindevilla yearns to destroy the angel world with help or her many devil minions. The goddess Aphrodite sends an angel to the human world, Limone, to summon three love angels in the form of three school girls, Momoko Hanasaki, Yuri Tanima, and Hinagiku Tamano, who together become Angel Lilly, Angel Daisy, and Wedding Peach. The three girls must fight to overcome the evils of the devils, as well as their own lives, and restore peace to the angel world by gathering all pieces of the Sacred Four Somethings (or Saint Something Four) and defeat the evil queen once and for all.
 The 1996-1997 anime OVAs of Ai Tenshi Densetsu Wedding Peach, also known as Ai Tenshi Densetsu Wedding Peach DX (Deluxe). These four OVAs were uniquely designed and scripted, and the art style had been changed slightly from the original series as well. Each of these OVAs feature one of the Ai Tenshi along with a season

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Aya, Yoji, Ken, and Omi are the four young men who comprise Weiss Kruez (WK), an assassin group who eliminates certain menaces to society. Each member has his own trademark fighting style. Aya is adept at fighting with a katana, Yoji has mastered the art of strangulation via strings, Ken is lethal with his metal claws, while Omi specializes in a wide array of projectiles. Under the command of a mysterious man known only as "Persia", the WK is dispatched to take care of drug rings, terrorist factions, and the like. But as things go along, they discover that most, if not all, the bad elements they have dealt with are somehow connected to the Takatori family. The Takatori family is rich, powerful, and influential. It seems if the problem is to be nipped in the bud, the WK would have to put an end to one of Japan's most prominent clans.
 Aya, Yoji, Ken, and Omi are the four young men who comprise Weiss Kruez (WK), an assassin group who eliminates certain menaces to society. Each member has his own trademark fighting style. Aya is adept at fighting with a katana, Yoji has mastered the art of strangulation via strings, Ken is lethal with his metal claws, while Omi specializes in a wide array of projectiles. Under the command of a mysterious man known only as "Persia", the WK is dispatched to take care of drug rings, terrorist factions, and the like. But as things go along, they discover that most, if not all, the bad elements they have dealt with are somehow connected to the Takatori family. The Takatori family is rich, powerful, and influential. It seems if the problem is to be nipped in the bud, the WK would have to put an end to one of Japan's most prominent clans.
 Someone out there is determined to see the fall of Weiss Kreuz, and it looks like they have found the perfect plan for it. The four assassins find themselves trapped in a deadly game of deceit, where the question of honor versus duty comes to surface. Now they must fight for their own reasons to survive--and there can be only be one victor in this field of death.
 The story follows the main characters Takeshi and Michi as they get lost in the Card Battle world and have to win card battles to return home.
 The story follows the main characters Takeshi and Michi as they get lost in the Card Battle world and have to win card battles to return home.
 Satou Tatsuhiro, 22 years old, thinks that everything that happens around him is a conspiracy. He even figured out who is behind it all
 Satou Tatsuhiro, a 22 year old young man, is a NEET (Not in Employment, Education, or Training) and a hikikomori (meaning acute social withdrawal). He believes everything around him is a conspiracy, including the reason why many people, himself included, become hikikomori.Due to this, Satou creates a strange conspiracy theory which includes the Nihon Hikikomori Ky?kai (NHK), a secret organization with the intention of producing a hikikomori filled world. Satou intends to break free from the NHK’s clutches, but cannot, since he finds it too frightening to go outdoors by himself; that is, until he meets Misaki Nakahara, who selects Satou for her “project” that she claims will cure him of his hikikomori ways.
 10 years since the great war, tensions were mounting within the country of Wellber, which was barely capable of keeping peace, as war could commence at any time with its neighboring country, Sangatras. In order to avoid warfare, the king of Wellber, Haidel planned on marrying off his daughter, Princess Rita, to Sangatras` Prince Guernia.However, Rita stabbed her groom to be and ran away. Infuriated, Sangatras` King Ranbahnhof threatens to wage war unless Rita is captured and publicly executed within 14 days. In order to avoid the worst case scenario, Rita decides to head for the neutral country of Greedom.Meanwhile, the woman thief Tina sneaks into Castle Wellber, seeking its treasures, when she happens to witness the stabbing of Guernia by Rita.Whether it be by coincidence or necessity, Tina receives information that the "Wasp Man" she was after is in Greedom, her sworn enemy who took the life of her parents.Tina agrees to become Rita`s bodyguard as they head out to Greedom. Shouldering their fate and destiny, the two meet, leave, and set out on their journey. What awaits them is war or peace, vengeance or death...
 The loquacious sentient tank, Gyrano De Borgerac seems very busy being pampered by solicitous maids. The fairy Sherri, too, is enjoying the luxury of the court's life. And for Rita, time has come to face her duties as princess of Wellber. But Tina is resolute
 Mimi o Sumaseba, which literally means If You Listen Closely, tells the story of Tsukishima Shizuku, a junior-high school student who is struggling to find out who she is. The movie takes you on a journey through her imagination and daily life as she makes decisions that will ultimately decide her future.
 During summer vacation, a schoolgirl named Shizuku, who longs to discover her true talents, observes an ordinary-looking cat riding by himself on the train. Intrigued, she decides to follow him. This chance encounter leads her to the mysterious Seiji, a boy who is determined to follow his dreams, and The Baron, a magical cat figurine who helps her listen to the whispers in her heart. Soon, Shizuku's exciting adventures carry her far beyond the boundaries of her imagination.
 Kazamatsuri Shou’s dream has always been to become a professional soccer player, but he has one problem
 Toya Fuji, a college student is dating a rising idol singer named Yuki Morikawa. There are numerous challenges to the couple’s relationship from the other people at Fuji’s college, Morikawa’s work, and elsewhere.
 The story centers around a college junior named Haruki Kitahara and his relationships with Setsuna Ogiso and Kazusa Touma in the light music club.
 The second season of White Album, also known as episodes 14-26.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Kayoko is a young girl in 1940, just starting first grade. She's a bit of a crybaby, which is no secret to those around her. She loves playing with friends and singing cute schoolyard chants, and occasionally having fun with her three older brothers. Her mother is pregnant, and so she looks forward to being a big sister, only partially understanding the responsibility that might bring. Meanwhile, the war effort is growing, and it's only the natural thing to do to be patriotic and support the country... Kayoko goes so far as to contribute her favourite dolly, whose materials could help build explosives. Time passes, and as she grows older, Kayoko sees how the war has affected her life and those around her. Nothing can prepare her for 1945, however, and the bleak times that are soon to come.
 Wild Arms exploits the tales of Sheyenne Rainstorm, a deadly gunslinger trapped in the body of a 10-year old boy. Together with bandit Kiel Aronakus, card-throwing dame Loretta Oratorio, vampire girl Mirabelle Graceland and a weird creature named Jerusha, Sheyenne embarks on a long journey to find out about his lost past and figure out who placed him in his current body.
 This anime is based on a playstation game under the same title. The story is about four people who travel the desolated land of Filgaea and carve themselves a legendary story while they`re at it. These adventurers are Sheyenne Rainstorm, a gunslinger who holds the legendary weapon called ARMs; Kiel Aromax, a scientist who looks like he should be carrying a sword; Roleta Oratorio the Crest Sorceress, a magic-user who uses cards called Crests to cast spells; and Mirabelle Graceland, one of the Noble Red, which are a family of vampiric creatures who live alongside human beings They also travel with cute little intelligent furry things, from the Popepi Pipepo Tribe, named Isaac and Jerusha.
 An airship drifts quietly over the town. In this town, everybody has a special quasi-magical power, save only for Makoto Okano. Having been away for years, he and his sister Hinata now return to the town, and Makoto soon encounters his childhood sweetheart Minamo. It seems the stuff of ordinary romance and everyday life, yet there is a mystery under the surface of the strange town.
 An airship drifts quietly over the town. In this town, everybody has a special quasi-magical power, save only for Makoto Okano. Having been away for years, he and his sister Hinata now return to the town, and Makoto soon encounters his childhood sweetheart Minamo. It seems the stuff of ordinary romance and everyday life, yet there is a mystery under the surface of the strange town.
 Two pairs of young lovers become embroiled in a war between two rival kingdoms, the primitive but resplendent Isa and the militaristic but undisciplined Paro. Izu and his young wife, Marin , are simple farmers who live in the unassuming village of Saki, which lies directly between Isa and Paro. While Saki does not have the beauty of Isa nor the war machines of Paro, they do possess a magnificent tree known as Windaria, to which the villagers give their prayers in return for good memories.When the war erupts, Izu decides to join Paro's army, enthralled by the fantastic motorbike given to him as a bribe. Before he departs, they each take a vow
 The story follows a girl named Yu Jin Jung and her male classmate Joon Sang Kang as tragedy and angst befalls them and those around them in the years between high school and young adulthood.
 DVD OVA of Witch Craft Works bundled with the eighth manga volume.
 Witches are individuals with special powers like ESP, telekinesis, mind control, etc. (not the typical hogwart and newt potions). Robin, a craft user, arrives from Italy to Japan to work for an organization named STN Japan Division (STN-J) as a replacement for one of STN-J’s witch hunters who was recently killed. Unlike other divisions of STN, STN-J tries to capture the witches alive in order to learn why and how they became witches in the first place.
 Witches are individuals with special powers like ESP, telekinesis, mind control, etc. (not the typical hogwart and newt potions). Robin, a 15-year-old craft user, arrives from Italy to Japan to work for an organization named STN Japan Division (STN-J) as a replacement for one of STN-J's witch hunters who was recently killed. Unlike other divisions of STN, STN-J tries to capture the witches alive in order to learn why and how they became witches in the first place.
 Masane Amaha and her daughter Rihoko are on the run from a government child welfare agency that wants to take Rihoko away from her mother. They are caught and Rihoko is taken away. Meanwhile, Masane is attacked by an advanced weapon that can disguise itself as a human being. When faced with the danger, a strange light emits from her wrist and she transforms into a powerful being. She destroys the weapon and consequently becomes involved in a power struggle between powerful organizations, with her at the center of their attention. Because she holds the greatest power of them all, the legendary Witchblade.
 Zhang Fan, who transmigrated into another world, finally became a cultivator but was framed by others and lost all his cultivation. Just as he was about to die, the system was activated and gods, immortals, demon emperors all became nothing to him. The invincible Zhang Fan wanted to tear apart the skies with one strike, however, there was a limit to the range of his sword domain. In order to get the experience points required to increase its range, Zhang Fan had no other choice but to lure evil to himself. From then on, a new legend of him conquering gods and overpowering countless rulers appeared in the world.
 The story moves the "Wixoss" card game to the online virtual space of "Wixossland" as it continues to grow more popular. The game allows players to become the LRIG avatars themselves. The most popular format in the game is "Diva Battle," which allows three players to team up to compete against other units for the most "Selector" fans. Some units are idol-themed, while others are DJ- and band-themed.
 Masane Amaha and her daughter Rihoko are on the run from a government child welfare agency that wants to take Rihoko away from her mother. They are caught and Rihoko is taken away. Meanwhile, Masane is attacked by an advanced weapon that can disguise itself as a human being. When faced with the danger, a strange light emits from her wrist and she transforms into a powerful being. She destroys the weapon and consequently becomes involved in a power struggle between powerful organizations, with her at the center of their attention. Because she holds the greatest power of them all, the legendary Witchblade.
 The story takes place in Tokyo in 2018, where normal humans and those who can use magic coexist. As a result, there are laws against using magic, and a "magic courtroom" exists to preside over lawsuits regarding magic use. In these cases, "Benmashi" or wizard barristers defend those who use magic. The anime follows Cecil, the youngest Benmashi in history, and her associates as they defend clients in these cases.
 The story takes place in the span of the near future to two hundred years later. The civilization of earth was locked by the three bodies with a super technology called Tomoko, and basic research has stalled. However, humans still need to continue to advance to resist the upcoming attack of the three-body, guarding their homes and human civilization. On a broader scale, the three-body civilization and human civilization are both hunters in the dark forest. Carefully protecting themselves and destroying others, struggling for the survival of their civilizations.

 In the modern cultivation world, everywhere is law of the jungle, everyone feels insecure. After saving a cultivatior girl, the security guard Ma Yingxiong accidentally starts the journey of practicing cultivation.
 Young Chen Xiaofan entered an alternate world after he accidentally swallowed a Chaos Orb, and became Young Master Chen, the prettiest man in Muyun City. Although he was adored by all the ladies in Muyun City, he was useless as he was not able to cultivate. With his mind set on going back to his original world, he gave up his stable lifestyle as a young master and went against his family’s wishes, determined to walk the path of a cultivator.
 The hilarious adventures of the eldest apprentice of a sect who has a problem with his brain.Dongfang Xianyun is reincarnated as the eldest disciple of the Care-free sect. But the only thing that goes through his mind is to make sure he doesn't end up dying by the hands of the "main character". Read as he makes no sense to his sibling disciples while avoiding flags left and right.
 Second season of Wo Jia Da Shixiong Naozi You Keng.
 As the year 3000 approaches, a war-torn Solar System is invaded by the Imperial Alliance in search of a supreme being, the F-01. The experimental X Bomber spacecraft with its young crew must discover the secret of F-01 and turn it against the Imperial Alliance or all will be lost.
 It’s the year of destiny and 15 year old Kamui Shiro, a powerful psychic, has returned to Toyko after a 6 year absence. He returns to protect his childhood friends, Fuuma, and Fuuma’s younger sister Kotori. But destiny and fate are haunting Kamui and pulling in himself and his loved ones. It is his destiny to decide the fate of the world and mankind, no matter if he wants the role or not.
 The X-Men are reunited following the death of a teammate, and are summoned by Charles Xavier to Japan following the abduction of Hisako Ichiki (Armor). There, they confront the U-Men, a lunatic cult that steals and transplants mutant organs to further strengthen their own army, and the battle for justice is on.
 The X-Men are a team of elite super-powered mutants gathered by Professor X to protect ordinary humans even as they are persecuted by them. In the wake of the death of one of their own, however, the team has stopped operations for a whole year. Then Professor X receives word of a mutant girl's mysterious disappearance in Japan. Sensing that something larger is afoot, he reassembles the team and sends them to investigate. They uncover a connection between her disappearance and an anti-mutant group known as the U-Men.
 The X-Men are a team of elite super-powered mutants gathered by Professor X to protect ordinary humans even as they are persecuted by them. In the wake of the death of one of their own, however, the team has stopped operations for a whole year. Then Professor X receives word of a mutant girl’s mysterious disappearance in Japan. Sensing that something larger is afoot, he reassembles the team and sends them to investigate. They uncover a connection between her disappearance and an anti-mutant group known as the U-Men.
 X-men Evolution scales back to the time when our superheroes were still in their teens and unknowingly awaiting a significant adventure that bends their life path...The movie takes its audience back to the sweet memories of the 90s when cartoons were pieces of art that engraved the awesome childhood onto one’s mind. The X-men series was an exceptional anime series at the time with kids forgetting everything else and getting engrossed into the world of superheroes and supernatural powers.  X-men Evolution was a very famous name back then. The series has received profound compliments and favor from the audience of various age groups.X-men Evolution scales back to the time when our superheroes were still in their teens and unknowingly awaiting a significant adventure that bends their life path. The series setting was Bayville, a fictionalized town in New York, where our beloved protagonists went to school and dealt with everyday stuff. Each of the episodes of the series was made in an attempt to be individualized, in order to avoid making Continuity Lock-Out, yet still holding some bonds with the other episodes and with the overall story. The script and story of the episodes were carefully built to keep the hardcore audience entertained, all the same time catching the attention from the new audience and leading them to the marvelous Marvel world. And it worked like a charm! Audience were very fascinated and intrigued with the supernatural powers as well as the value offered to them from the show, such as “Great power comes with great responsibility” and peace goals. Throughout the episodes of the series, X-men officially became one of the most idolized characters by children, especially the protagonists playing in the show. Many of us are now recalling the days when we sat in front of the TV waiting solely for this gem and felt so satisfied, and disappointed at the same time when an episode ends (good fun should never end).The well-developed plot of the series is just one of the things that make this series an engraving in minds of generations. The sound system, alongside with animation techniques and director’s skills, has once set up the standards for “good show” back then. X-men Evolution soundtracks were very catchy and appealing. It has the vocal depth and the intonation in lines, combined with the script mentioned above, making the dialogues even more impressive and memorable. Some said that this series has gained great popularity ever since its release on the TV up till now also thanks to its being “real” in animation, effects and other side matters. The superheroes, the mayhem, the adventures and life portrayed in the series are of “real” influence over the audience thanks for the fluid animation of characters and special cartoon effects well performed in the show.All in all, X-men Evolution is a childhood-calling series that sets us back to our simple and happy days watching TV when the cartoons were still excellent and meaningful.  We want our sweet days back, and we want to get back to our sweet days watching X-men Evolution every weekend and dreaming of fighting side-by-side Prof. X against the cohort of Magneto. Now we can only watch high quality anime online to collect pieces of our childhood. Such a significant and valuable show like X-men Evolution should never be forgotten or ignored.
 At the end of the millennium, the concluding battle for humanity's future is staged. Shirou Kamui's destiny has been decided as he returns to Tokyo to face his ultimate challenge. The Dragons of Heaven, defenders of the Earth, stand ready to protect the world from the Dragons of Earth, the seven angels of legend, who embrace the devastation of the planet to bring about its purification.Now Kamui must decide which side to fight for, although he finds the idea utterly unappealing. It is not until realizing that his two childhood friends, Monou Fuuma and Monou Kotori, are in grievous peril that Kamui decides to take on his fated role in the climactic struggle in the Year of Destiny
 Sentan Island is a small island surrounded by the Yuden Sea. It exists in a state of dreamlike tranquility, cut off from the war between the Northern Government and the Southern Continent Free Zone. Our hero, Akiyuki Takehara, lives on Sentain Island along with his mother Fusa. He is currently separated from his father, the town doctor Ryuzo, but the bond between father and son remains. One day, after taking Ryuzo the lunch that Fusa has made for him as usual, Akiyuki arrives at school, where he is caught up in an explosion along with his friends, Haru and Furuichi. The explosion produces a mysterious light, which enters Akiyuki's arm, causing him excruciating pain. He's given no time to understand it, however, as the white-haired girl who rode on the bus with him guides him to a power unlike anything he's ever known.
 Enter Sentan, a lush, tranquil island encased in war between the military and those with Hiruko, known as X’amd. On one of these warlike days, Akiyuki Takehara heads off to school and gets caught in a raid by the creatures. Through a series of events he is transformed into a X’amd, and with the help of a Tessikan woman Nakiami along with his highschool friend Haru, Akiyuki is forced to learn to live with the Hiruko or faces the danger of losing his self-control and turn to stone. The story follows a boy named Akiyuki who is heading to schoolwith two friends when an explosion occurs. In the mysterious light from the explosion, Akiyuki transforms into a creature called Xam’d. Xam’d goes on a rampage which is only stopped when a red-haired foreign girl appears. Genre
 The year is T.C. 4767. Four thousand years have passed since humanity abandoned its birthplace, the planet Earth. Beset by the hostile alien Gnosis, mankind is now scrambling to find ways to defeat this threat to their existence. The development of KOS-MOS (a specialized android with amazing capabilities) by Vector engineer Shion Uzuki was one response to the threat. But when their ship is destroyed by the Gnosis, Shion and her companions find themselves thrust into the middle of a battle with no clear sides...
 The journey to the West was a conspiracy of heaven! After Sutra went missing for more than a decade, Heaven sent its army to search, in order not to let the Sutra once again fall into the hands of heaven, the journey to West begin again.
 The fourth season of Xi Xing Ji.

 Prequel to the Xixing Ji series.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The spring festival is around corner, but Mr. wolf doesn't feel happy at all. Mrs. Wolf is going to have baby, but Mr. Wolf can't catch any sheep. What is more, their castle is torn down making them homeless. Mr. Wolf needs to fight back.In the mean time, a sheep from the moon returns and tells the other sheep the secret of the sugar moon. The sheep go to the moon but are followed by wolfs. They are going to have war on the moon.Filled with different sorts of yummy candies, Moon used to be a paradise for those with a sweet tooth. It's also the residence of the Moon fairy and her magical rabbit. But one day the Lord of Bitterness invades Moon with the intention of making their happy life miserable. The rabbit escapes to Earth and seeks help from Pleasant Goat, who then leads a ragtag group of rescuers - including his nemesis Big Big Wolf - to restore peace on Moon.
 In the face of impending disaster, the animal world is looking to the Mythical Ark for salvation. The problem is that only the snake tribe can operate the ark, and the snakes have already escaped to Utopia. To save the animals, Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf travel to Utopia to convince the snakes to help. In the process, they become friends, and the snakes agree to help. However, Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf decide to stay behind to save their homes.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Sun Wukong, who was born from a magic stone, has been imprisoned underneath a mountain for five centuries for his mischief in the heavens. One day, the Diety Guanyin told Wukong that the Monk Tangsen will set him free, and Wukong will join him on a pilgrimage from China to India. The next day, Xuanzang came and set him free, and the two started their Journey to the west. Along the way, they meet two new friends, Zhu Bajie and the Hermit Sha Wujing who joins them on the journey; together, they face many dangers and evil creatures and sorcerers and learn to get along.
 Sun Wukong, who was born from a magic stone, has been imprisoned underneath a mountain for five centuries for his mischief in the heavens. One day, the Diety Guanyin told Wukong that the Monk Tangsen will set him free, and Wukong will join him on a pilgrimage from China to India. The next day, Xuanzang came and set him free, and the two started their Journey to the west. Along the way, they meet two new friends, Zhu Bajie and the Hermit Sha Wujing who joins them on the journey; together, they face many dangers and evil creatures and sorcerers and learn to get along.
 Shen Jianxin is a security guard for Rye Scent Village, an average youth determined to become a legendary hero. While paying his respects at the prestigious Pure Yang Palace of Jianghu, he learned the palace’s ancestral secret manuals by accident. However, he was unaware of the power he gained. Thus, he entered Jianghu and gradually matured while experiencing the turmoil of Jianghu during the prosperous Tang Dynasty. An obscure security guard with unparalleled martial arts in Jianghu
 Three years ago, Yun Qing Yan accidentally fell into the Immortal Realm from the Mortal Realm. After three thousand years, he became the great Emperor Yun of the Immortal Realm. Breaking through the barrier between the two realms, he discovered that only three years had passed. "Before, I was too weak to protect my loved ones. Now, I'll make the whole world bow before me."

 In ancient Shenzhou, humans and demons had been in constant dispute for thousands of years. The demon princess from Tushan, Bai Binglan, and the human Zhang Kuangyun met each other due to a misunderstanding. In order to investigate the enemy country, Bai Binglan became Zhang Kuangyun's companion. As they travel together, Zhang Kuangyun discovers a conspiracy...
 Wang Ling has been living a quiet life ever since resolving a particular incident, but thanks to his previous tampering with the laws of nature, the level of psionic powers in the world has dropped drastically. To stop the levels from plummeting further, his spirit sword Jingke comes to the rescue. But due to the excessive use of power, Jingke ends up ripping a crack in space. This crack allows demons to infiltrate the world and steal spiritual energy essential to powering human society. Now the only person who has the power to thwart their plans is none other than Wang Ling.In an attempt to balance his high school life with his supernatural one, Wang Ling must confront challenges ranging from teacher home visits, crafting spiritual swords, grappling with his growing feelings for Sun Rong, and battling invading demons!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Third season of Xian Wang de Richang Shenghuo.
 Xian Yu Ge is a salted fish who boarded at his aunt's house and hangs around idly all day long. However, due to his unique style of doing things, he often encounters survival crisis, and is always working around the island. During this process, Xian Yu Ge gradually becomes acquainted with the strange residents of the island, and he slowly gains family affection and friendship with them. With the arrival of the annual Fish God Festival, the hilarious daily story of Xian Yu Ge unfolds.
 Shocking! A mighty immortal descends to Earth, and in a strange twist of fate, marries into a family as a son-in-law!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Being kicked out by the sect? Being humiliated by fellows? And being alienated by my lover? None of those could stop me, even if my inner power pool is broken. Wait when I reach the top and become the king of martial arts!
 Being kicked out by the sect? Being humiliated by fellows? And being alienated by my lover? None of those could stop me, even if my inner power pool is broken. Wait when I reach the top and become the king of martial arts!
 There are many dynasties in Yongxian Continent. In order to strengthen the body and prolong life, the people here have always maintained the tradition of Xianwu fellow practitioners. Once the practitioners reach the peak of martial arts, they will ask about Xiandao. The young Su Yu, who suffered a severe accident at a young age, changed his name and changed his surname, but he was still in a hurry, but he was unexpectedly reborn back to his youth. Foreseeing that the family is about to fall, in order to protect his family and relatives, Su Yu decided to work hard and practice the secret methods of Xianmen he learned in his previous life.
 In an attempt for survival, Yu Renjie, the son of the demon lord, was ordered to enter Hero's Academy which only recruits distinguished and upright disciples. The goal is to obtain a Hero's Certificate which can bring legitimacy to the demon clan. This is extremely dangerous. Once the identity of a demon cultist is exposed, countless righteous knights will kill them on the spot. But on the first day of school, Yu Renjie was shocked to find out that his personal information had been leaked. In order to hide his identity, he had no choice but to put on women's clothing. His dangerous and hilarious campus life is about to unfold!
 A Chinese Ghost Story is a movie that follows a young man named Ning. After the loss of his girlfriend he works as a debt collector to forget his troubles only to encounter more than he had imagined. Accompanied by his constant companion Solid Gold, Ning ends up in a ghost town and from there the adventure ensues. This movie explores some of China`s myths and fantasies as the viewer is taken through a world of drama, romance, and battles between good and evil.
 Omi, Kimiko, and Clay have recently risen to the rank of Shoku Warrior except for Raimundo, who already became a Shoku Warrior, where they must continue to uphold their duty of finding and collecting all of the mystical Shen Gong Wu power objects before the forces of evil do.
 Omi successfully switches Chase Young’s evil soup with pea soup which stops him from going evil. However, in exchange, the future changed for the worse. Hannibal turns Master Monk Guan evil instead of Chase, Master Fung is trapped in the Ying-Yang world and Jack turns good.After acquiring the soup Omi hid in the past, they are captured by Hannibal and his crew. Chase then sacrifices his good side to free the Warriors. After the Warriors get to the Heylin seed’s vault (where Omi is frozen), Hannibal and his crew start a Xiaolin Showdown. Can the new Warriors defeat Hannibal, Wuya, Chase Young and Master Monk Guan in a 4-way tag team Xiaolin Showdown? And finally, who will be made the new leader?
 Omi successfully switches Chase Young’s evil soup with pea soup which stops him from going evil. However, in exchange, the future changed for the worse. Hannibal turns Master Monk Guan evil instead of Chase, Master Fung is trapped in the Ying-Yang world and Jack turns good. After acquiring the soup Omi hid in the past, they are captured by Hannibal and his crew.Chase then sacrifices his good side to free the Warriors. After the Warriors get to the Heylin seed’s vault (where Omi is frozen), Hannibal and his crew start a Xiaolin Showdown. Can the new Warriors defeat Hannibal, Wuya, Chase Young and Master Monk Guan in a 4-way tag team Xiaolin Showdown? And finally, who will be made the new leader?
 Omi successfully switches Chase Young’s evil soup with pea soup which stops him from going evil. However, in exchange, the future changed for the worse. Hannibal turns Master Monk Guan evil instead of Chase, Master Fung is trapped in the Ying-Yang world and Jack turns good. After acquiring the soup Omi hid in the past, they are captured by Hannibal and his crew.Chase then sacrifices his good side to free the Warriors. After the Warriors get to the Heylin seed’s vault (where Omi is frozen), Hannibal and his crew start a Xiaolin Showdown. Can the new Warriors defeat Hannibal, Wuya, Chase Young and Master Monk Guan in a 4-way tag team Xiaolin Showdown? And finally, who will be made the new leader?
 She, a renowned assassin of the 21st century, actually crossed over to become Su Manor’s most useless good-for-nothing Fourth Miss.He, Jin Empire’s imperial highness, was an emotionless overbearing demonic tyrant with unrivaled talent.Everyone knew that she was idiotic and good-for-nothing and bullied her as they pleased. But only he, the overbearing tyrant with the discerning eye, wouldn’t let go of her even if his life depended on it.For the time being, let’s just see how the stubborn versus stubborn clash and play out in this good show of the chaser and the chased
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding.

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The power of beginnings, the energy of the core stone; one may find it good, one may find it evil. During a normal investigation, Yue Juntian finds himself drawn into the battle between the 'beginnings' of Yun City; Jiang Xin arrives in Yun City to stop Li Zunyuan's plan to take over. The two influence each other - one solves the mystery of their birth, the other redeems themselves. Together, they oppose Li Zunyuan.
 Remaster of the first two seasons of Qin Shi Mingyue.
 Donghai City, a coastal city, is short of rain and fresh water all the year round. Lin Yunxiang, a young man who loves motorcycles, was attacked by superpowers when his car collided with the rich son of the water supply company, and he awakened the dormant mysterious power in his body-Nezha. Awaiting Li Yunxiang, in addition to the vengeance from the enemy, there is a bigger conspiracy...
 Thirteen years after Yang Jian (known to some as Erlang Shen) imprisoned his sister beneath a mountain, the once powerful god now scrapes by as a penniless bounty hunter. When a mysterious woman hires him for a new job, Yang Jian soon finds himself chasing down a familiar figure. He must stop Chenxiang, his long-lost nephew, who is in search of the magical lotus lantern that will free his mother, even if it will bring catastrophe. As Yang Jian confronts the actions of his past, he must face a host of dangerous vigilantes seeking the same treasure with the power to alter the balance of their worlds.

 In the whole world there lays twelve paths to climb the Tower of God, and in legends these twelve pathways leads toward legendary road of immortality. However these paths in the Tower of God, are far too long, without end.In ancient times there once were many types of martial art, sadly the world underwent terrible changes, and only three were left
 The second season of Xing Wu Shen Jue.
 Li Yao, a genius craftsman, has been unable to break through the bottleneck due to the low development of his psychic powers, and then he obtained 40,000 years of cultivation by chance. Knowledge, thus opened up, but still missed the joint entrance examination. With the encouragement of friends and mentors, relying on his willpower to regain the opportunity to participate in the joint entrance examination, he finally entered the university of his choice and entered the story of realizing his dream of becoming a craftsman.

 Fifth season of Xingchen Bian.
 Fourth season of Xingchen Bian.
 Third season of Xingchen Bian.
 Once the most dazzling blue earth star of the first door of the star clan, accidentally got the world of the treasure “star map“, attracted the eyes of the lord of the world, in order to get the star map, the lord of the world induced the high level of the star clan to go to the Holy Star domain, and imprisoned them in the”Holy Star Domain”.In order to regain his former glory, Chu Xinghe, the younger suzerainty, sought the imprisoned father and the high-level of the star clan, and led several disciples under the gate to break through the twelve star circles, defeat the twelve star spirits of the Lord of the world, and eventually rescue his father and all the people of the star clan from the Lord of the world .
 Set in the future on the Yellow River Planet, the realm of car racing has advanced beyond Formula One - into the domain of the Galaxy Racers. Riders steer their simulator-racers which remotely control the actual customized speedsters hurtling around a track.The hero, a teenager named Roy, was born to race and aspires to be the King of Galaxy Racers. But his guardian, his grandfather, sees a threat from and great danger in the evil and greedy Taz, the CEO of the Titan Space Navigation Auto Group which seeks to swallow or destroy all competitors, and whose Mosha Racing Team would just as ruthlessly run over and crush Roy under its thundering wheels. He arranges for him to join the good guys in the Matela Racing Team to race for the highest honors.Many years ago, Ray’s father, Dr Renault, worked for the Titan Group and he invented the Galaxy Racers but he was against CEO Taz’s destructive greed. He tries to escape - and disappears! Monopolizing the technology and construction of the Racers, Taz, the Titan Group and Mosha Racing Team swallowed, crushed and beat all rival companies, racers and teams.Desperately, Ray’s grandfather uses a secret design hidden by Dr Renault from Taz and builds for him a superior racer, The Lion King. But he has first to learn the skills and garner experience from racing at the highest levels. To acquire these qualities plus humility and resilience, he relies on his Matela friends who have their own cool cars, to help him. But arrayed against them are the Mosha baddies and their menacing machines.In a series of hair-raising and nail-biting races with thrills & spills, growling engines, screeching wheels, burning rubber, smashing metal against metal, intense bitter rivalry, persevering friendships & loyalties forged in grueling teamwork and battle, Ray and Team Matela must conquer their fears and overcome the arrogant and powerful Team Mosha which uses cheating as a winning strategy.Will justice prevail or evil triumph? Find out on The Galaxy Racers on a track near you!

 Sun Goddess of the Solari, Leona came to Earth in 2014. The genetics of God hidden on Earth has started to awaken. The first few awakenings include the Power of the Galaxy and God of War. An invasion by the alien Tao Tie, just to entertain Death God Karthus, are on the way to Earth.The Angels, the Devils and God seminary groups that have been monitoring the genetics of God on Earth make their moves. The God Seminary assembled the scattered warriors across Earth who carry the genetics of God to form the Black Troops. Radiant Dawn, Leona, lead the team and train them combat techniques to fight against the invasion.Morgana, the Fallen Angel came to Earth to sow the seed of darkness and plot to destroy the Holy Kayle. Angel Yan was send to Earth, informing the invasion of Styx galaxy by Tao Tie.Earth has just become the battlefield for the war of different civilizations. As the disasters continue, the Black Troops will realize they are fighting more than what they are asked for.


 Sun Goddess of the Solari, Leona came to Earth in 2014. The genetics of God hidden on Earth has started to awaken. The first few awakenings include the Power of the Galaxy and God of War. An invasion by the alien Tao Tie, just to entertain Death God Karthus, are on the way to Earth. The Angels, the Devils and God seminary groups that have been monitoring the genetics of God on Earth make their moves. The God Seminary assembled the scattered warriors across Earth who carry the genetics of God to form the Black Troops. Radiant Dawn, Leona, lead the team and train them combat techniques to fight against the invasion. Morgana, the Fallen Angel came to Earth to sow the seed of darkness and plot to destroy the Holy Kayle. Angel Yan was send to Earth, informing the invasion of Styx galaxy by Tao Tie. Earth has just become the battlefield for the war of different civilizations. As the disasters continue, the Black Troops will realize they are fighting more than what they are asked for.
 Set in an untouched forest, Boonie Bears tells a story of two brave and mighty bears who try to protect their homeland from the destruction of a sly and persistent woodman. In this war between bears and woodman, you will be given a glimpse of the wit and smarts of two lovely forest protectors. Filled with non-stop comedy, Boonie Bears will surely show bears in a whole new light, as you’ve never seen them before.
 Having had a taste of carnival life in town, the Bear Brothers return to the forest to start anew. But aside from the joy of meeting old friends, the bears must again cope with the dull-but-driven Logger Vick! That shiny-pated villain is determined to crush their renewed efforts to protect the forest they love. If he can dispatch the Bear Brothers, Vick will realize his evil dream of riches through total destruction of the forest. Fortunately the Brothers and their friends have a forest full of surprises in store for him! Boonie Bears
 Second season of Boonie Bears.Here opens a brand new chapter in the story of Briar and Bramble bear! This time their fight with Logger Vick has turned into a chase around the world. From the tranquility of life in the countryside to the hustle and bustle of the city, from the mysterious forest into the modern world, the bear brothers stay one step ahead of the marauding Logger Vick who is determined to hunt them down. Our two bears savor every bit of their long and wonderful journey which is dotted with the occasional spot of trouble and friction, but more often than not, laughter and hilarity
 Sixth season of Boonie Bears.
 Eighth season of Boonie Bears.Targeted at preschool kids, Boonie Cubs is a brand-new edutainment series showing children that learning can be fun. At this scenic Pine Tree Kindergarten, all the cubs observe the world in their own creative and wondrous ways. Here you will learn everything from the value of friendship to exploring the mysteries of science and language. Boonie Cubs will teach kids how to help others while preparing themselves for life in this beautiful world. This show is a colorful paradise for kids, teeming with adventures around every corner.Got your notebook? Got your pencil? Packed your lunch? Good! Class starts soon and we can’t do it alone. Come along and join us on a whirlwind of adventure at Pine Tree Kindergarten! Follow Little Briar Bear and Little Bramble Bear down a mysterious and magical tunnel that leads you to a knowledge-seeking escapade full of furry friends and fun!
 The story follows an elite team of thieves, sent by a notorious treasure hunter from the real world to the animated realm to steal each universe’s most prized and powerful item. On learning of this evil plan that would destroy the cartoon world, the bear brothers, along with Logger Vick, join forces with a sassy archaeological robot and set out on a journey to save their world and find the Deer Clan’s legendary Golden Antlers before the villains do. From Pine Tree Mountain to the mysterious Deer Clan Forest, this ragtag group encounter many strange and wonderful creatures, including the keeper of the forest, a magical woodland girl from the Deer Clan.Time is running out! Who will make it to the Golden Antlers first? Will the Boonie Bears’ World be saved? Follow us down the portal on an unforgettable adventure through these entangled worlds!
 Seventh season of Boonie Bears.
 A story of friends old and new, of being lost but most importantly being found; The Big Top Secret follows Briar as he is whisked away from the home he knows and plunged head first into the ranks of a traveling circus. The struggling circus, led by Hugo the Gorilla, is on its last leg and in desperate need of a boost. Frustrated with his brother, Bramble, and the rest of his forest friends, Briar finds a new and welcoming home among Wolfgang’s Big Top. Briar brings life back to the circus and quickly finds happiness in his new life filled with new friends and fame. While rising to the top has its benefits, it also comes with a price. After searching high and low, Bramble and his forest friends are thrilled to have found their lost Briar, but Briar is not so sure that he wants to be found. He doesn’t want to leave his perfect new life at the big top but even the most perfect-seeming things have dark sides. Through trials and chases and trains, all of the animals learn what it is to belong and the true meaning of family.
 One night, a mysterious and unexplained phenomenon occurs in the nine provinces. Five years later Chu Feng, a regular outer disciple of the Azure Dragon School, awakens one of the mysterious nine lightning beasts. And discovers an egg sealed inside him. From there we follow Chu Feng on his path of cultivation.
 The journey to the West was a conspiracy of heaven! After the Sutra went missing for more than a decade, Heaven sent its army to search, in order not to let the Sutra once again fall into the hands of heaven, the journey to the West begin again.
 After thousands of years, QingYu returns with the scroll of a thousand beasts. With the power to fill the lands and breakthrough skies, I am the supreme of all eternal heavens!
 When Freshman Zhou Xiaoan put on a ring of unclear origin, a terrifying devil leaps from his mouth and his life is changed forever. Shocking historical secrets are slowly revealed - a Blood Devil calling itself King Zhou of Shang, a race of heart-eating zombies; a dubious group of Taoist Priests that fight against them; mysterious beings of the supernatural world who can blend in to human society.
 Li Mingyang was originally an ordinary office worker. Because of a strange QR code, he was trapped in a killing city. Here everyone is forced to participate in a survival game that is going to kill or be killed. In the process of finding a way out of the city, the mastermind behind the whole incident surfaced step by step.
 In the Tranquil Sun province of the empire, there exists an unremarkable lordship known as Xue Ying Territory! This is the home of the Dong Bo clan, the clan of our hero Xue Ying!His father, a commoner turned noble; his mother, a noble who abandoned her clan for love, and his brother, an innocent toddler. But peace cannot last forever, Xue Ying’s peaceful life is shattered, and the only way to reclaim it is through power!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 This work tells the legendary life of Megumi Sunahara, a soldier of the Japanese People’s Liberation Army, and shows the true history of the little-known special group of the Japanese People’s Liberation Army. Sabara Megumi was born in the Kyushu region of Japan in 1933 and came to Northeast China with his parents when he was a child. After Japan's defeat and surrender, he was unable to return to Japan, and lived at a landlord’s house in Liaoning to herd cattle. In 1948, he joined the People’s Liberation Army under the name of “Zhang Rongqing”, where he experienced the battles of Liaoshen and Pingjin and devoted himself to the cause of the proletarian revolution.
 The world says I am incompetent, but who knows that I am actually the greatest swordsman in the world? What does it matter to me if I am a son-in-law, let's see my sword sweep the world and break the sky!
 Kimihiro Watanuki is a young boy with a cursed gift. He has the ability to see evil spirits, and somehow they seem attracted to himself. One day he meets a misterious woman who names herself Yuuko.She claims to have the means to end his torment, but she never works for free, and she wouldn’t help him until he works for her enough to pay for her services. Thus he starts to work in her shop and discovers that in that place, nothing is what it seems. Genre
 Kimihiro Watanuki is a young boy with a cursed gift. He has the ability to see evil spirits, and somehow they seem attracted to himself. One day he meets a misterious woman who names herself Yuuko. She claims to have the means to end his torment, but she never works for free, and she wouldn’t help him until he works for her enough to pay for her services.Thus he starts to work in her shop and discovers that in that place, nothing is what it seems. Genre
 Summer break has arrived, but while his other classmates are out having fun, Kimihiro Watanuki continues to work as compensation for the eccentric Yuuko in her shop. With the spirits and supernatural phenomena that bother him lessening, he pays his dues by cleaning, cooking, and doing whatever else the apparently lazy Yuuko needs.Watanuki, however, gets involved in a new predicament when Yuuko receives a mysterious invitation to a mansion whose owner seeks Yuuko's wish-granting ability. When he, Yuuko, and his classmate Shizuka Doumeki make their way to the peculiar residence, they meet others who were summoned by the same strange invitation. All of them are collectors of various unique items, drawn there by the chance to expand their collections. But as the collectors begin to disappear one by one, Watanuki and his companions must solve the mystery and put the case to rest, or find themselves in risk of danger.
 10 years after the events of xxxHOLiC Shunmuki, a melancholic Kimihiro Watanuki has taken over the shop formerly run by the mysterious Yuuko due to a promise he made to her. His companions Maru, Moro, and Mokona live together with him in relative contentment, and some familiar faces arrive every now and then
 Kimihiro Watanuki is a young boy with a cursed gift. He has the ability to see evil spirits, and somehow they seem attracted to himself. One day he meets a misterious woman who names herself Yuuko. She claims to have the means to end his torment, but she never works for free, and she wouldn’t help him until he works for her enough to pay for her services.Thus he starts to work in her shop and discovers that in that place, nothing is what it seems. Genre
 Yuuko receives a letter from an unknown sender. It is an invitation to an auction. Seven avid collectors were invited to an old mansion. They all admit that they accepted the invitation to complete their collections. They waited for the host, but he does not make an appearance. And one by one the collectors disappear. The strange host and a mysterious girl. A night where odd things happen one after another. What is being auctioned? Who is the host? The cunning and foolish people who are obsessed with "possessions" and the host's "timeless" passion. What is waiting at the end of this enigmatic series of riddles? And what is the conclusion of the sad love story behind them? Mystery leads to mystery, and reaches the unexpected!
 In a busy and bustling city, history is soundlessly scattered throughout. Those legends that speak of rare treasures, lost in the flowing river of time. At this place, in this time, they are here--in an antique shop named "Ya She".
 Yuu has always loved shoujo manga and awaits the day she gets a love confession that sends her heart aflutter with bubbles and blushes, and yet when a junior high classmate confesses his feelings to her...she feels nothing. Disappointed and confused, Yuu enters high school still unsure how to respond. That's when Yuu sees the beautiful student council president Nanami turn down a suitor with such maturity that she's inspired to ask her for help. But when the next person to confess to Yuu is Nanami herself. Has her shoujo romance finally begun?
 Yuu has always loved shoujo manga and awaits the day she gets a love confession that sends her heart aflutter with bubbles and blushes, and yet when a junior high classmate confesses his feelings to her...she feels nothing. Disappointed and confused, Yuu enters high school still unsure how to respond. That's when Yuu sees the beautiful student council president Nanami turn down a suitor with such maturity that she's inspired to ask her for help. But when the next person to confess to Yuu is Nanami herself. Has her shoujo romance finally begun?
 Yosuke Kamogawa had nothing to live for, but a mysterious pyramid appears called Yahabe! With the power to turn back time, how will Yosuke's life change?
 Anime original episode bundled with the limited edition of the Yahari Game demo Ore no Seishun Love Come wa Machigatteiru. PlayStation Vita game set to be released this summer.
 This romantic comedy revolves around an antisocial high school student named Hikigaya Hachiman with a distorted view on life and no friends or girlfriend. When he sees his classmates talking excitedly about living their adolescent lives, he mutters
 Third season of Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru..
 Third season of Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru..

 Second season of Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru.
 Bundled with 5bp's Yahari Game Demo Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Zoku game for the PlayStation Vita. It adapts a story focusing on Iroha Isshiki from volume 10.5 of the original light novel.
 Kurogane Yaiba is a boy who doesn’t want to become what any regular kid would
 Shinokita Reiko and Yajima Junko are second-year high school students who travel from school to school fighting bad guys, ninjas, yakuza and corruption. At this high school they encounter a secret ninja order and a corrupt administrator, as well as a tragic death in the distant past. With the help of Kotetsu, a skilled ninja, they set the school to rights, but not before leaving several broken hearts behind.
 The fifth film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story).
 Set in a future where the solar system is dominated by trade federations who are in constant conflict. In order to escape his restrictive homeland of Japan, and under the recommendation of his military cook friend Pupkin, Akira enlists in a trade federation orbital drop infantry unit. Such infantry are notorious for their 70% casualty rate, and are nicknamed "Yakitori" for their expendability.
 The city of Tajimi, located in the southern part of Gifu Prefecture, Japan, is famous for Mino earthenware. The city is dotted with historical pottery producers and ceramic art museums. It has facilities where you can try your hand at making pottery, and many restaurants that serve food on Minoware dishes.The story begins when a high school girl moves to a shopping street in Tajimi. Many encounters await her, friends, town folk, ceramic art, etc. What will she discover in a town famous for ceramic?
 Second season of Yakunara Mug Cup mo.
 Spirits begin terrorizing a school and it is left up to the sexy student Kocho Enoki to use her attractive body and magical powers to defeat the attackers. Teamed with her sister and Kosaku, their human decoy, they attempt to free the school from the spirits. Unfortunately a female spirit arrives who is immune to Kocho's sexy charms.
 Spirits begin terrorizing a school and it is left up to the sexy student Kocho Enoki to use her attractive body and magical powers to defeat the attackers. Teamed with her sister and Kosaku, their human decoy, they attempt to free the school from the spirits. Unfortunately a female spirit arrives who is immune to Kocho's sexy charms.
 Based on a series of light novels written by Tanaka Yoshiki and illustrated by Kakinouchi Narumi.The story revolves around Ryouko Yakushiji, a 27-year-old multilingual investigator that graduated from Tokyo University's elite Department of Law, and the bizarre cases she faces while working for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police. Yakushiji not only has to deal with supernatural beings in her line of work, but also her rival Yukiko Muromachi, another equally talented and beautiful police investigator.
 Mihara Shouma is a first-year high school student. Shouma hasn't seen his good friend Atsushi in 3.5 years, ever since they lost contact with each other after elementary school. One day, Atsushi gets in contact with Shouma to invite him to a rare festival, so they can meet up and talk. Shoma goes to the "Tanabata Seven Night Festival" deep in the mountains, but Atsushi is not there. Instead, a girl named Shiori who also has a person she wants to meet is there. The festival's program manager Kanna suggests that he stay until the festival is over, and so Shouma and Shiori help Kanna prepare for the festival. Shouma and Shiori then get wrapped up in some strange events happening in the town.
 At Grace Field House, life couldn't be better for the orphans! Though they have no parents, together with the other kids and a kind "Mama" who cares for them, they form one big, happy family. No child is ever overlooked, especially since they are all adopted by the age of 12. Their daily lives involve rigorous tests, but afterwards, they are allowed to play outside. There is only one rule they must obey
 Second season of Yakusoku no Neverland.
 Second season of Yakusoku no Neverland.
 Various stories about a group of animals that live together in a forest. The stories are adaptations from the many children's books written by Thornton W. Burgess.
 Aoi prefers indoor hobbies and is afraid of heights, but her childhood friend Hinata loves to show off her passion for mountain climbing. As young children they once watched the sunrise from the top of a mountain, and now they’ve decided to take up mountain climbing in hopes of seeing that sunrise again.They have cooking battles with mountaineering gear, climb small hills in their neighborhood, and meet new mountaineering friends as they learn the ropes of the hobby. When will they finally see that sunrise again?
 Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases of Volume 2 and Volume 7.
 Aoi prefers indoor hobbies and is afraid of heights, but her childhood friend Hinata loves to show off her passion for mountain climbing. As young children they once watched the sunrise from the top of a mountain, and now they’ve decided to take up mountain climbing in hopes of seeing that sunrise again.They have cooking battles with mountaineering gear, climb small hills in their neighborhood, and meet new mountaineering friends as they learn the ropes of the hobby. When will they finally see that sunrise again?
 New Yama no Susume anime.
 "Mount Tenran, Mount Takao, and Mitsutouge!"Aoi and Hinata look at photos full of memories from the various mountains they have climbed up to now. Suddenly, Hinata opens a treasure chest in Aoi's room and finds awkward handmade accessories. With that as a trigger, Hinata recalls the childhood she spent together with Aoi.
 Recap
 Third season of Yama no Susume.
 Shiraishi Urara is the top student in her school. One day, due to an accidental kiss, Urara finds herself in the body of the school delinquent, Yamada Ryuu! In trying to switch back to their own bodies, Urara and Ryuu discover that kissing causes them to switch bodies, which leads to their discovery that there are 7 witches in their school. They soon try to uncover the identities of the 7 witches...
 Ryuu Yamada is known as a delinquent in his high school; he has been bored of classes after one year of attending school. One day, he accidentally falls from a flight of stairs onto Urara Shiraishi, the ace student of the school. Yamada wakes up to find that he has swapped bodies with her! The two try to reverse the change and discover that kissing triggers the body swap. On the suggestion of student council vice-president Toranosuke Miyamura, they revive the Supernatural Studies Club. The club encounters other "witches" with different powers that are activated with a kiss!
 After her boyfriend cheats on her with another girl he met in-game, Akane Kinoshita learns the hard way that gamer boyfriends can be just as bad as the offline variety. As she vents her anger by beating mob monsters to a pulp, she has a chance encounter with Akito Yamada, a guildmate with an afro and Noh mask.Yamada is unsociable and curt, hardly the type of person to make Akane swoon. However, while his gaming stats might be maxed out, Yamada is inexperienced in matters of the heart, and against all odds, she finds herself moved by him. Making new friends along the way, can Akane shake the heart of Yamada, a final boss-level high school boy?
 The short movie will be a silent anime depicting behind-the-scene stories of the Nezumikozou Jirokichi
 Set hundreds of years after the original, Yamato 2520 chronicles the adventures of the eighteenth starship to bear the name, and its battle against the Seiren Federation.On a planet harshly ruled by the Serien Federation, a group of earth teenagers discover the ancient hulk of the Earth Federation Battleship Yamato. By stealing it's data disk the teens are able to use the Serien's own automated ship yards to construct a new Yamato.
 Kyouhei, Ranmaru, Takenaga, and Yukinojou are beautiful, handsome, young men living in a huge mansion. One day, their landlord, whom they call “Auntie”, asks them a favor
 Takano Kyohei, Oda Takenaga, Toyama, Yukinojo, and Morii Ranmaru are going to rent a house to go to school for free on the condition that they make the girl of the house a "lady". However, Nakahara Sunako, the girl living there, is gloomy, weird, and horror movie maniac. She has a trauma of when she was told she was ugly by the boy whom she loved when she was in junior high school. She doesn't like beautiful things and gets a nosebleed when she looks at something beautiful.
 In the 25th century, a spaceship carrying 300 people leaves the earth in search of a new world in the solar system, but an unexpected accident occurs. They crash into a black hole which is connected to another universe. The people on the ship are cast adrift in an emergency capsule to a planet called Ismo. The story begins 12 years after they have reached Ismo.Ismo is a star of the Onam System, which corresponds to the Solar System in our universe. It is the only planet left in the Onam System. The Death Star called Yomi is a comet which regularly approaches the Onam System.There were once 8 planets in the Onam System. Many years ago, in the time of the gods, there was a war against the evil monster Yamatano Orochi (an 8-headed snake-like creature). The gods won the battle. Yamatano Orochi was locked into 8 stones, one of which is buried deep in the center of each planet. Nobody was supposed to have access to the core of the planets. However Tsukuyomi, an evil god who rules Yomi, succeeded in reaching the stones one after another, destroying 7 of the planets using his powerful robots, the Sky Warriors. However, when he tried to acquire the last stone from the planet Ismo, the most powerful Sky Warrior, Susanoo, got out of control and was blown away.A million years later, the Death Star Yomi is approaching the Onam System once again. Tsukuyomi, the master of Yomi, plans to take this opportunity to realize his dream of ruling the entire universe. He is desperate for the last stone containing Yamatano Orochi. If Tsukuyomi can get hold of this stone, Yamatano Orochi will return to life and its power will become his. Tsukuyomi needs Sky Warrior Susanoo to capture the stone, and sends 8 Sky Soldiers to get Susanoo back. But it is too late. Susanoo no longer belongs to Tsukuyomi. It belongs to Takeru, a 13-year-old boy from Earth, who happened to discover the buried robot Susanoo and woke it from its million-year-long sleep. Takeru becomes involved in the battle against the Sky Soldiers and their evil master, Tsukuyomi. Susanoo stands up to protect his friends and their planet.
 The Black Nebula Empire attacks Earth and threatens to blow up the planet with a bomb they placed on Earth if counter attacked. Earths hopes rest on the Yamato crew as they go to the Black Nebula Planet and try to find a way to difuse the bomb before it's too late.
 Sequel to Uchuu Senkan Yamato 2205
 Even after death, life is full of paperwork and criminals. Tsuzuki Asato is a 26 year old, happy-go-lucky, and dorky shinigami (god of death) whose job is to makes sure that those who are dead remain dead and stay in their proper realms. Even though he's had this job for over 70 years, he is in the worst division with horrible pay. He also has a knack for not keeping partners (since shinigami work in pairs), but now he seems to have one that will stick around; stubborn, smart-mouthed, serious and defensive 16 year old, Kurosaki Hisoka. With each case they investigate, they come closer to the conspiracies of the serial killer Dr. Muraki Kazutaka. Tsuzuki's relationship with Hisoka is growing stronger and closer...but there is a dark past to how Tsuzuki died that will not give him peace.
 Akin to TV Tokyo’s Folktales from Japan, YAMISHIBAI
 Tenth season of Yami Shibai
 Yamishibai is a picture-story style of animation whose motif is surrounded and based off rumors and urban legends throughout the history of Japan.
 Yamishibai is a picture-story style of animation whose motif is surrounded and based off rumors and urban legends throughout the history of Japan.
 Yamishibai is a picture-story style of animation whose motif is surrounded and based off rumors and urban legends throughout the history of Japan.
 Fifth season of the Yami Shibai anime series.
 Yami Shibai 6th season.
 The 7th Season of Yami Shibai. A series of short horror stories, full of mystery and darkness. Supernatural phenomena and Japanese folktales told by a mysterious old man in the middle of the forest.
 Eighth season of Yami Shibai.
 The ninth season of Yami Shibai.
 Hatsuki is a highschool student living with her sister, Hatsumi, who she has a huge crush on. On Hatsumi's 16th birthday, she is suddenly surrounded by a green light and disappears in front of Hatsuki. She manages to follow Hatsumi with the help of a being resembling a fat baby chick (literally), ending up in a place called "The Great Library", which is full of different worlds stored in books. Hatsumi wasn't there, though, so the search for Hatsuki's great love begins and involves traveling from book to book.
 Tales include
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The official website for the Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches television anime series revealed on Sunday that the anime's first Blu-ray Disc and DVD box sets will include a Yankee-kun to Megane-chan collaborative manga and anime.
 Yuan Ding, an otaku, was transported to another world. After taking Shuo Yue Academy's entrance exam, Yuan Ding's life in another world begins, aiming to collect the Demon Spirits said to exist in the legends.
 In his past life, although too weak to protect his home when it counted, out of grave determination Nie Li became the strongest Demon Spiritist and stood at the pinnacle of the martial world. However, he lost his life during the battle with the Sage Emperor and six deity-ranked beasts.His soul was then brought back to when he was still 13 years old. Although he's the weakest in his class with the lowest talent, having only a red soul realm and a weak one at that, with the aid of the vast knowledge which he accumulated from his previous life, he decided to train faster than anyone could expect. He also decided to help those who died nobly in his previous life to train faster as well.He aims to protect the city from the coming future of being devastated by demon beasts and the previous fate of ending up destroyed. He aims to protect his lover, friends, family and fellow citizens who died in the beast assault or its aftermath. And he aims to destroy the so-called Sacred family who arrogantly abandoned their duty and betrayed the city in his past life.
 The second season of Yao Shen Ji.
 The third Season of Yao Shen Ji.
 Fourth season of Yao Shen Ji.
 5th and 6th season of Yao Shen Ji
 The seventh season Yao Shen Ji.
 A foxy temptress. A strange misty tree demon. A girl with the power of the goddess Xianjia! Being caught between these women is a feat in it of itself, but our hero Feng Xi must fight in order to protect the peace and save the world!
 A foxy temptress. A strange misty tree demon. A girl with the power of the goddess Xianjia! Being caught between these women is a feat in it of itself, but our hero Feng Xi must fight in order to protect the peace and save the world!

 An Amazon Prime Japan Video exclusive.Foo, a kind boy, lives together with his grandmother. However, Foo has no friends. One day, as Foo is off picking herbs on a mountain to treat his grandmother's illness, he finds himself lost. But then he is saved by a boy demon with bright-red skin named Smoochy. The two kind yet friendless boys meet and become each other's first friend. The two begin to spend their days playing together, until one day Foo suddenly stops coming to the mountain.
 Music video for the song Yasashii Suisei by YOASOBI.
 A village in danger, a mysterious child, warring daimyo, and the greatest ronin never known all clash in a Japan of magic and mechs. Learn the story of the first African samurai.
 A village in danger, a mysterious child, warring daimyo, and the greatest ronin never known all clash in a Japan of magic and mechs. Learn the story of the first African samurai.
 Kaito Jin is a second year of high school student who moved to Aichi from Tokyo. He meets Monaka Yatogami, who has a heavy Nagoya dialect, and he learns about Nagoya through joining photography club.
 Second season of Yatogame-chan Kansatsu Nikki.
 Fourth season of Yatogame-chan Kansatsu Nikki.
 Third season of Yatogame-chan Kansatsu Nikki.
 Remake of the Yatterman series.
 Yatterman movie.
 Yawara helps a group of timid grade school kids overcome their fears and compete in a judo competition. One of the kids is Hanazono's cousin, which is how she meets them. Another is a girl who seems a whole lot like Yawara.
 Ryofu Housen (Lu Bu) is a powerful general from the Three Kingdoms; alongside Chinkyuu (Chen Gong), Ryofu suddenly finds himself falling to Earth, and landing... in the body of an elementary school student?! With their new lives as flat-chested, women-loving children, Ryofu and Chinkyuu follow their hunger and their desire to get back to their old lives somehow; but it will be difficult, given the variety of obstacles in their way including old enemies, epic monster battles and the most important thing of all, trying to get their hands on Eri-sensei's mammoth F-cup breasts!
 When Ha Eun takes shelter from a sudden downpour, she runs into someone she recognizes as her classmate. She greets him but is met by a cold shoulder, his curt replies shutting down her other attempts at conversing with him. When the awning above Ha Eun tears apart, she takes cover under the boy's umbrella and accidentally hugs him. Abashed and still annoyed, Ha Eun apologizes as the boy boards his bus.As luck may have it, the two meet again when Ha Eun's university friend, Yeo Reum, invites both of them for dinner. The classmate is introduced as Yeon Woo and turns out to be Yeo Reum's childhood friend. After several drinks, another friend of Yeo Reum escorts him back home, leaving Ha Eun and Yeon Woo alone. The two share an intimate moment devoid of words. Will this be the first of many?
 Second season of A Day Before Us.
 Nozomi Yumehara, a regular student, finds a magical book called the Dream Collet in the library and meets Coco and Nuts, two creatures from the Palmier Kingdom. They plead with Nozomi to restore their world, which has been destroyed by an organization called the Nightmares, by completing the Dream Collet and finding the 55 Pinkies to make any wish come true. Meanwhile, the Nightmares are moving into the real world.Once Nozomi agrees to help, Coco and Nuts transform her into the magical girl Cure Dream and turn four fellow students into her Pretty Cure team.
 A direct continuation of the former season, this series again follows the story of Nozomi Yumehara and her friends from Precure 5. The girls who had formerly lost their powers and bade farewell to their friends Coco and Nuts from Palmier Kingdom are resurrected as Pretty Cure by the mysterious woman Flora who also wants them to find her in a place called Cure Rosegarden.To go there, they need the magic Rose Pact and the powers of the four kings of countries surrounding Palmier. But a dark organization called Eternal is also striving to get to Cure Rosegarden by stealing the Rose Pact. Luckily, Precure get helped by new allies
 A direct continuation of the former season, this series again follows the story of Nozomi Yumehara and her friends from Yes! Precure 5. The girls who had formerly lost their powers and bade farewell to their friends Coco and Nuts from Palmier Kingdom are resurrected as Pretty Cure by the mysterious woman Flora who also wants them to find her in a place called Cure Rosegarden. To go there, they need the magic Rose Pact and the powers of the four kings of countries surrounding Palmier. But a dark organization called Eternal is also striving to get to Cure Rosegarden by stealing the Rose Pact. Luckily, Precure get helped by new allies
 The five girls plus Coco, Nuts, and Milk all go to visit a castle-themed theme park, where they dress up as princes and princesses and go off to have a fun-filled day. However, Coco and Nuts end up kidnapped! The girls have to save them with the help of two inhabitants of the Mirror Country, Hidarin and Migirin, by battling Shadow, an evil clown, and five girls who are also from the Mirror Country that look very familiar...
 After college, Rikuo Uozumi, a boy without much ambition in life, takes on a job at a convenience store. The days pass by uneventfully for Rikuo until he meets his former girlfriend and classmate, but especially thanks to the unusual Haru Nonaka, and her pet raven...
 Rikuo Uozumi has all but resigned himself to a bleak future, aimlessly working at a convenience store in Tokyo after graduating from college. His monotonous life is interrupted when the peculiar Haru Nonaka makes a lively appearance, frequently dropping by his workplace to befriend him. When Rikuo learns that an old college friend and crush, Shinako Morinome, has moved back into town, he reaches out to further their relationship. Unbeknownst to Rikuo however, Shinako is carrying painful memories from her past that were holding her back from accepting his feelings. Meanwhile, as Haru continually opens up to Rikuo, he discovers that she, much like him, is living by herself and wants to step out of her comfort zone into an uncertain future.The past lingers long in the mind, and the future remains elusive. At a crossroads along their intertwined paths, these three experience what it means to let go of their feelings of yesterday and embrace the change that tomorrow brings.
 Six post-credit scenes adapting manga content not covered in the main series. Streamed exclusively on AbemaTV following episodes 1, 2, 3, 4, 9, and 12.

 The family elders, fighting for the right to exploit the mines, sent someone to crush his dantian, and Xuan became an abandoned son of the Ye family. However, he accidentally entered the Tower of Boundless Hell because of his mother's bleeding ring and was instructed by a mysterious woman to cultivate the Dao of the sword, which no one had ever cultivated before.With the help of the mysterious woman, could Ye Xuan become the strongest swordsman in the realm of the heavens?
 In a city of the future, many kids can play with Finger Skateboards--skateboards that can move a simulated character in a battle at will of the player. Our main character enters shop and joins the game along with his 3 friends. They kids go on many adventures and compete against Alexander, the son of a rival company competing against the original shop.
 Second season of Yi Nian Yong Heng.
 One day, on his way to visit his grandfather’s grave, Zhang Chulan is attacked by zombies in a graveyard. In the midst of that situation, he is saved by a mysterious girl, who wields kitchen knives in order to kill the enemies. The girl tells Chulan, who is relieved, to face his hardships head on and leaves. However, Chulan later sees that girl again at his university. From that moment, Zhang Chulan’s destiny begins to move. There will be strangers with special powers appearing one by one, with battles involving those abilities. Each episode will bring a new mystery to light.

 After graduating from the University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Sun Jiayou returned home to inherit a traditional Chinese medicine shop. He found that although the people here would not use medicine as a treatment. They had own spiritual system. To realize his grandfather’s dream, he plans to promote Chinese medicine in a different world. But the spirit messenger considers it a big threat. In some confrontations with the spirit messenger, he discovers a greater mystery.
 The second season of Yi Shijie Zhongyao Pu.
 Hundreds of thousands of years after the collapse of civilization, the world is a post-tech wasteland, and is inhabited by humanoid tribes. The Peace held between them is threatened by the return of Wushen, an evil shape-shifting ghost of modern technology. Wushen threatens to enslave the world population. Zhuma, a ten-year-old girl is the heroine of the story, accompanied by Zhanggong, her lion-like Tibetan Mastiff dog. Chosen, and helped by a ethereal goddess she must assemble a band of allies from the surviving tribes to fight Wushen, and stop him from gaining control over an ancient power.
 Hundreds of thousands of years after the collapse of civilization, the world is a post-tech wasteland, and is inhabited by humanoid tribes. The Peace held between them is threatened by the return of Wushen, an evil shape-shifting ghost of modern technology. Wushen threatens to enslave the world population. Zhuma, a ten-year-old girl is the heroine of the story, accompanied by Zhanggong, her lion-like Tibetan Mastiff dog. Chosen, and helped by a ethereal goddess she must assemble a band of allies from the surviving tribes to fight Wushen, and stop him from gaining control over an ancient power.
 Married for a few months, the husband silently pay but never show up, at the same time, Wilsonsuddenly broke into her life. On one side is her husband, who is gentle and considerate but can’t be seen. On the other side is Wilson, who has been in love after a long term to get along with, What choice will she make?
 Yoshihito, a 23-year-old man who has no job or girlfriend. In order to make ends meet he rents out one of the rooms in his house. While he's showing Lily, his first tenant, around the house, she's suddenly attacked by a vampire named Vivian, and Yoshihito notices that Lily is actually a werewolf. As Yoshihito and Lily start living in the same house, Yoshihito is scouted for an organization that maintains order of the parallel universes, and strange creatures one after another become tenants in his house.

 The courtyard is awash with cherry blossom petals, appearing especially beautiful in the moonlight. Kagura, waking up, sits in the hallway facing the courtyard, "The courtyard at night, seems like something can happen anytime......"Suddenly a butterfly glides past, its scales glittering.Kochou no Sei
 The third season of Onmyouji
 The series takes place on a parallel world filled with superhumans. Allegiances are formed between heroes and villains.
 Zero was mankind’s first real superhero. Under his watch, countless other superheros appeared and followed in his footsteps. However, after 5 years of war, Zero disappeared without a trace.

 Chinese streaming platform Weibo is hosting exclusive Gintama footage. The ad is in Japanese with Chinese subtitles showing the characters enjoying KFC's Chinese brand.
 2018
 Kou Yamori seems like a typical middle school student on the surface. Relatively good at studies and amiable with his classmates, he puts a lot of effort into maintaining this facade. One day, however, he decides to stop pretending and quits school, developing insomnia as a result of having no daytime outlet for his energy. When taking walks alone at night, he feels marginally better, though he is aware that his inability to sleep should be considered a serious problem.On one such walk, Kou meets a weird girl, Nazuna Nanakusa, who diagnoses the cause of his sleeplessness
 Mini anime of Yofukashi no Uta released on the official Twitter.
 Her name is Esumi Fuuka. Standing tall at 163 cm with a slender bodyline, she must be a university undergraduate; however, in reality, she is only an elementary school student. With a body figure of an adult and the mentality of a small child, she creates many misunderstandings around her.
 When a college dropout stops for a late night bite at a mysterious ramen stand, he crosses paths with a self-proclaimed deity of matrimony. This bizarre meeting sends the young man hurtling through a horrifying flashback to his not-so-glorious college days when the influence of a cruel new friend turned him from a hopeless romantic into a mischievous “black cupid.”
 Yojouhan Time Machine Blues takes place during a sweltering midsummer day when Ozu, the protagonist's "terrible friend," accidentally drowns the only remote control for the air conditioning unit in their apartment. While they discuss their predicament with Akashi, the protagonist's raven-haired love interest, a sloppily-dressed time-travelling student arrives from 25 years in the future, prompting the protagonist to borrow his time machine in an effort to snatch the remote control from the past before it breaks.
 After a disaster leaves the world in a state of decline, the remaining human population lives out their lives peacefully and quietly in the twilight of the human age. Alpha Hatsuseno is an android who works at a cafe bordering Yokohama that rarely gets visitors, and is waiting for her owner to return.One day, another android, the courier Kokone Takatsu, brings Alpha a package from her master. Inside is a camera, given to Alpha so she can take pictures to reminisce about.Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou is a slow and contemplative anime that follows an android girl as she takes beautiful pictures and experiences touching moments, all amidst a calming sense of peace.
 In the near-future Japan, global warming has brought the large city Yokohama underwater, and only the hills remain above the ocean surface. What used to be one of the largest cities in Japan now feels like a small town. Basically, the existence of the island country itself has been threatened. However, there is no feeling of desperation, devastation, nor hopelessness. People are enjoying laid-back lives, and they seem to appreciate each other's company, enjoying the quiet and peaceful time together.This is especially so with Alpha, a carefree young woman who runs a cafe, named Cafe Alpha. She enjoys her life immersing herself in the beautiful nature all around her. There is nothing more precious to her than spending quality time with her kind friends. Oh, the fulfillment and the joy she finds in life... it all indicates her to be a compassionate human being, but she is not quite a human. She is actually a type A7M2 robot.One day, upon hearing a radio forecast warning an approaching typhoon, her old friend who lives close by invites her to the gas station he runs, worried that her old cafe may not withstand the typhoon. Indeed, the passing of typhoon leaves Alpha with her cafe severely damaged. That's when she decides to go on a journey to raise money to rebuild her cafe, and also to see the outside world away from her friends and the comfort of a peaceful life.
 Around 1800 years ago in China, the ruling power of the Han dynasty became weakened and the flames of war spread throughout the land.Liu Bei was a young, poor straw-mat seller from the countryside of Hebai Hsing. After pledging eternal brotherhood with the two heroes, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei, Liu began building his idea of a righteous kingdom that would aid citizens who suffered from persecution.
 The story revolves around Koyomi Morishita, a clumsy high school freshman girl who is often mistaken for a grade-schooler because of her shortness. Koyomi becomes a disciple of Misa Anehara, a 25-year-old graduate student who happens to be one of the most powerful modern-day magicians.
 The story of a cat who's drawn to the scent of tears and goes to those who are crying in an attempt to comfort or encourage them.
 Kazuhiro Uchida is transferred to a rescue centre located in a small town while training to become a fighter pilot. Initially, Kazuhiro thinks negatively about his new occupation, due to the difficult missions and the harsh discipline he receives from his seniors. However, over the course of his training, he begins to accept the job for what it is and becomes a true member of the rescue force.
 Akutabe, a detective, summons devils to solve the troubles of his clients. One day, a low class devil Azazel Atsushi is summoned by Akutabe and is used harshly by him and his assistant Rinko Sakuma.
 Sequel of Z/X
 In the future, a meteor crashes into Earth and brings with it a virulent form of life. This virus is known as M34 and attacks humans, turning them into vicious monsters. Most of the human population is wiped out, thus government agencies are formed to fight the virus.One of the groups, NOA, inserts nanomachines into the bodies of its soldiers; these machines allow them to transform and fight off the infected. Unfortunately, the virus mutates and becomes too strong for NOA to handle. Now the fate of the world rests in the hands of 16-year-old girl with the power to defeat the virus.
 In the future, a meteor crashes into Earth and brings with it a virulent form of life. This virus is known as M34 and attacks humans, turning them into vicious monsters. Most of the human population is wiped out, thus government agencies are formed to fight the virus. One of the groups, NOA, inserts nanomachines into the bodies of its soldiers; these machines allow them to transform and fight off the infected. Unfortunately, the virus mutates and becomes too strong for NOA to handle. Now the fate of the world rests in the hands of 16-year-old girl with the power to defeat the virus.
 Itoshiki Nozomu is the world’s most negative person. To his way of thinking, there is no hope or meaning in this existence. Even the three kanji of his name become the two-kanji word zetsubou, “despair”, when compressed. What an ironic twist of fate, then, that he becomes teacher to a class containing his precise opposite, the invincibly positive-minded Fuura Kafuka.
 A new Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA.
 On a summer day... Suddenly, an immense terrorist bomb struck Tokyo.The culprits behind the act that woke up this complacent nation, were just two boys. The culprits known as Sphinx now, begin a massive game that envelopes Japan.
 Based on a series of illustrated children's books.
 The "pleasant horror gag comedy" centers around the life of Tatami-chan, a sardonic ghost from Iwate Prefecture who is now living in Tokyo among other spirits, supernatural entities, and humans. In addition to dealing with otherworldly matters, the unemployed Tatami-chan also has to deal with job-hunting as well as paying for gas, water, and electricity.
 Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don’t-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world.All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash’s master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage.Genres
 At the beginning of time, a mystical meteor came crashing down from outer space and scattered all over the world. A piece of it landed in the Eastern Continent. There were mysterious totems carved upon the meteor, and people gathered around it wanting to discover its usage. They discovered the Way, and established The Tradition.Several thousand years later, the fourteen years old orphan Chen Chang Shang left his master to cure his illness and change his fate. He brought a piece of marriage vow with him to the capital, thus began the journey of a rising hero.

 The fifth season of Ze Tian Ji.
 The second season of Ze Tian Ji.
 The third season of Ze Tian Ji.
 Kyo, an avid swimmer tries his best to keep the high school swimming club going, which is pretty hard when he's the only member. Facing the prospect of the club being closed by the student council, he tries to enlist beautiful Misaki to act in a promo video, shot by his good friend Ryoko, in a bid to start a recruitment drive. She agrees but only if he pilots a mecha under the wing of Celebrum, a resistance organisation fighting to destroy Deutera Areas formed on Earth by the aliens Gards-orm. He agrees but finds it all strangely familiar as if he's done it before...
 Animation studio Sunrise has announced at AnimeJapan 2016 that its 2006 mecha anime series Zegapain will be re-edited into a movie titled Zegapain ADP. The movie will also include new scenes not present in the TV anime.
 A girl's classmate disappears during a game of hide-and-seek. When she goes out to look for him, she hides when she hears someone pursuing her. After a while, she peeks out to see if her pursuer has given up.
 According to Media Factory, the fourth season of Zero no Tsukaima was announced. It will be the final of the TV series
 Meet Louise, a budding magician. The students at the Tristein Academy call her "Zero Louise", due to her current record of zero successes with magic. In fact, her magic tends to go spectacularly wrong. Now, as an important test of her aptitude for magic, she must summon a familiar to be her servant. At this critical moment, she summons up all her magic and wishes for a familiar that is "devoted, beautiful and powerful", and gets... Hiraga Saito, an ordinary Japanese boy. It's difficult to say who is more surprised and dismayed, but the rules don't allow for second attempts. Louise is stuck with her strange familiar, and he with her.
 DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima

 An anime movie that was announced at Japan Expo and was supposed to air in 2020.
 An anime movie that was announced at Japan Expo which will air in 2023.
 Jin, a mysterious kid with a halo carved in his hand, and extraordinary fighting skills, lives with his grandfather in a beggar’s community. In other place, the old scientist Amagi is searching for professor Kanzaki, to ask him for the whereabouts of the “player” -a kind of genetic altered humans- Zet, which they created some years ago.Soon, Jin and his grandfather are attacked by a mysterious man who turns into a monster. The connection between professor Amagi and professor Kanzaki, seems to connect also young Jin to the mystery of the “players”, and Zet.
 The story starts off with a face-off between two rival heroes, ZET and ALPHAS, and then traces their origins - Jin Kanzaki, a young man with the ability to transform into a superhuman being known as ZET, and Kouga Amagi, a young man with a strong sense of justice who uses technology to fight as ALPHAS.The fates of these two men and those around them intertwine as they fight to protect mankind and destroy monstrous abominations known as Players.
 A story about fourteen-year-old alien girl Aoi Hoshino. Her family uses certain medicine to disguise themselves as humans.For some reason the medicine slowly stops working, but only on Aoi...
 The story revolves around Mahiro Fuwa, a teenager whose family was mysteriously murdered one year before and his friend Yoshino Takigawa. Mahiro is contacted by Hakaze Kusaribe, the leader of the Kusaribe clan who was left stranded on an unknown desert island by her followers, and agrees to help Hakaze in exchange of her help to find out the culprit for the death of his family.Upon learning of his friend’s intentions, Yoshino joins him on his quest to stand against the Kusaribe clan who intends to awake the “Tree of Zetsuen” whose power can bring ruin to the entire world.
 Amane Todoroki is a young girl who is straightforward but also unthinking. She will try her very best in everything and say, "I don't know how to answer you if you ask me whether this can be done. I just believe it can. If not, then nothing will get started!" She easily gets stuck in her thinking, but she can also get easily moved at something small and start crying.
 A new special mini corner airing after the rebroadcast version of TV series.
 Kuramoto Erica, Nitta Yui, Suzuhara Misa and Sasaki Kotone are not your average school girls. They are in fact blessed with supernatural powers, which they use to defend the common people from alien creatures.
 They're cute, adorable and three of the most powerful Espers the world has ever seen
 An OVA that takes place during the manga's middle school storyline.
 Suddenly, an evil empire, Jaaku, raids the Earth. But the light appears from the Earth, and fights against Jaaku. It is Raijin Oh operated by Eldran. Eldran has protected the earth since the ancient ages. But he was injured during the fight, and Raijin-Oh falls to the ground. On the other hand, Jaaku scatters their weapons, Aku-Darmer, all over the world.Meanwhile, in Youshou elementary school, they have extra lessons in the 3rd class of the 5th grade. Eldran leaves Raijin Medal to them and asks them to save the Earth for him, and then he disappeared. In this way, the Earth Defense Agency consisted of elementary students is founded.
 Continues the story of the TV series.
 Suddenly, an evil empire, Jaaku, raids the Earth. But the light appears from the Earth, and fights against Jaaku. It is Raijin Oh operated by Eldran. Eldran has protected the earth since the ancient ages. But he was injured during the fight, and Raijin-Oh falls to the ground. On the other hand, Jaaku scatters their weapons, Aku-Darmer, all over the world.Meanwhile, in Youshou elementary school, they have extra lessons in the 3rd class of the 5th grade. Eldran leaves Raijin Medal to them and asks them to save the Earth for him, and then he disappeared. In this way, the Earth Defense Agency consisted of elementary students is founded.
 Oftentimes, people are most vulnerable when they are lonely and unable to get along with those around them. Isolation is felt more keenly amongst a crowd, so some will try to find solace in the strangest of places, where the unknown lurks. Such people include Ayumu Aizawa, a former city boy now living in the countryside of Tana, and Kisa Tanigawa, a young girl who has a hard time relating to others. What these two share in common is a feeling that their life has gone astray.Zettai Shounen tells a story of strange phenomena affecting two different settings, with no explanations of their origin or sudden appearance. All that is known is that these phenomena seem to center on individuals with mixed emotions toward themselves and others.
 I, Ji Qing, crossed into the Gaowu version of the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period. You have a sword, I can't die! You have the magic of the world, I can't die! You have a nearly-godlike move, I still can't die! An ordinary person who can't die no matter what, how will I fare in this war-torn world of rigorous battles?
 Ji Qing, the anchor of Gaowan, took the plug-in "Shaohao Bone" to travel through the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period. However, the trajectory of history deviates, Jing Ke succeeded in stabbing Qin in Xianyang Palace, the seven kingdoms rose together, and the Warring States lasted for a thousand years. Heroes and Ren Yong coexist with hundreds of science and technology, and family loyalty and heroes are upholding. Let's see Ji Qing, the immortal, who left Yongcheng, entered the school palace, and used Jiuli's capital to roam the chaotic world.
 Zhen Dao Ge tells a revenge story about the homeless young man He Fangzhi, whose family was betrayed by his own people while they were migrating, and was brutally murdered. The male protagonist, He Fangzhi, pretended to be dead and escaped a scene. After the massacre, He practiced an extraordinary martial arts in Shuzhong and determined to avenge his family. With a fan and a place name that showed the clues of the enemy, He embarked on the road of revenge.
 Second installment of Zhen Dao Ge.
 Chu Chen, the descendant of the world’s number one Qimen, accidentally sealed his own soul and five souls on the way down the mountain after finishing his studies, and became the son-in-law of a fool for five years. After awakening, a generation of domineering son-in-law Chu Chen drank the strongest wine, beat the worst dogs, and staged a life of counterattack every day!
 Based on the Chinese manhua. Requiem Street, where evil spirits are attracted to in order to destroy them. A place where spirits and humans co-exist, not all humans can enter Requiem Street. Only those rare-soul users with guardian spirits can enter. Xia Ling was just a normal university intern, but a meeting by chance changes her ordinary life... In this world full of evil spirits, can you cooperate with your guardian spirit in order to survive?
 First half of the second season of Zhen Hun Jie.
 Episodes 11.5 and 12.5 of Rakshasa Street.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 Qianlang and Yanzi were exploring the South China Sea, when a sudden storm plunged them into the sea. Qianlang discovered a peculiar writing-brush washer made from blue-and-white porcelain at the bottom of the sea. It gradually reproduced the scenes of Zheng He’s journey to the countries on and along southern oceans as an envoy according to an imperial decree 600 years ago. The thrilling, fantastic and romantic episodes, breathtaking marine perils and battles, and emotional and touching partings in this film are very intricate, shocking and sensational.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Lu Fan, a white-collar urban woman who has always considered herself a more ordinary woman than anyone else, is suddenly abducted by an alien one day. The alien, who claim to be from Saturn, tells the absurd reason for their invasion of Earth, and that the key to the invasion plan is to make Lu Fan fall in love with him and then betray the Earth.In the funny daily life with the Saturnian, aliens from various planets start to appear around Lu Fan one after another! These aliens have their own objectives, but because of their intertwined destinies, they all end up in Beijing. Lu Fan begins to realize that she is not as ordinary as she thought, and she slowly develops a crush on the Saturnian. How will she choose?

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding

 Set in the Henan Province of China during the 17th century, three teenagers are sent to a Shaolin Temple to learn the style of Kung Fu against a ruthless Demon, not seen since the Sui Dynasty, who terrorizes the province in order to search for two magic books to create more power and being stronger in world domination.
 Strange Tales of China discusses extremely frightening situations when mulled over carefully. What would happen if they were really to occur in real life? The mischievous imaginative Xiaozhi, born with a spiritual physique, possesses a strong sixth sense, high IQ and immense curiosity... but these are his greatest weaknesses as well. Each and every time, he finds some fancy new way to seek death thanks to his morbid curiosity.
 A lost form of magic is revived from the Eastern Han dynasty, meanwhile, dangerous man eating monsters lurk the streets. What will stop these beasts from their mindless terror?
 A collection of eight short stories about Chinese folklore "monsters."

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 G.G. Bonds enters the realm of dreams to stop evil's power from growing. They must get the citizens of Crystal City to remember their dreams so that the 5 element powers can recharge.
 The "first" season of Zhu Zhu Xia, its release format set the pattern and story style for later seasons.GG Bond was a martial artist pig in a prehistoric world where resources are strained by overpopulation. At the cost of his own life, he entrusted a powerful "Magic Wisdom Ball" to Wang Xiaoer that could be used to save the environment. Wang Xiaoer instead used the ball for his own gain. When G.G. Bond is reincarnated and sees what Wang Xiaoer has done, he knows it is up to him to fix the problem, no matter what Wang Xiaoer tries to do to stop him.
 Primary school student G.G. Bond is eager for the 2008 Beijing Olympics when he is dragged back in time to the competitive islander of Olympus. His only hope to return is to recover the "Keyinuoer” diamond from the dragon who guards it at the peak of Bright Mountain. He can only do this if he wins the island's athletic competitions. He has the power of a super lollipop which enhances his athletic abilities for only a few minutes, but must face up against sports genius Super Qiang if he hopes to ever go home.

 Alternative timelines of plot points from Zi Chuan.
 Zigby the Zebra, McMeer the Meerkat and Bertie the Guinea Fowl, live together on an island. The desire for adventure and the curiosity of Zigby always lead to incredible stories from which important lessons can be learned, such as responsibility, creativity in solving problems and learning to live with success and failure.
 Japanese rock band Ziggy comes to London and gets attacked upon arrival at the hotel after a recording session. The musicians barely escape the attack; however, soon they learn that their producer has been murdered, and they are the suspects! Chased by police and some mysterious organization, they find shelter at a local rockers' place and even give a performance there; but it is not too long before their pursuers appear again.
 In the peaceful aftermath of the Nozsa wars, the charismatic heroes known as "The White Knights" have changed career paths to becoming music making rockstars. J.J., Dave, Champ and Apple have formed a rock band called, "The White Nuts". Their music career would soon be interrupted by a new threat of colonial settlers. Apple is kidnapped by the sadistic ODAMA Clan - a family of ruthless killers. Located in a heavily-fortified mountain retreat, J.J. and company attempt a rescue mission with their laser weapon Zillion. But the former Knights only have a limited supply of Zillium for the Zillion guns. A mysterious stranger named Rick turns out to be an old lover of Apple.
 The juvenile Kan from the earth is summoned to the Kingdom of Toria , where he encounters attack from the giant creature Zinba, and he's rescued by the linker Shibuki and Uranus. Later, he accidentally gets on the linker squad DUX truck to the maze valley, finding in a cave a golden Zinba.
 A gag comedy aimed at young children featuring Zombie-kun, a child zombie, and his interactions with the world. It's not intended to be scary in the slightest, but rather, it focuses on the comical and bizarre things Zombie-kun's body can do, and the common-sense-defying way Zombie-kun behaves. For example, he'll take out his stomach and inflate it with air to use as a pillow, or if he gets wet, he'll detach parts of his body and wring them out like towels, then reattach them with a glue stick. Everything is depicted in a cute, cartoony fashion so as not to be too graphic for kids.
 Zoids are beast-like fighting machines used in both everyday use such as transportation, and special use such as war. Some types of Zoids, know as Organoids, are miniature Zoids that are living organisms. These Organoids have the capability to fuse with a non-living Zoid and make it much more powerful.Van (Ban) Freiheit discovers a Zoid Organoid in an abandoned laboratory while running from two strangers piloting Zoids. Also in the laboratory, in an animated suspension tube is a strange girl. He breaks the tube open and takes her and the Organoid with him. Spotting a ruined Shield Liger Zoid outside nearby, the Organoid fuses with it and repairs the damages. Making his escape, Van names the Organoid Zeke, and decides to keep him as a friend. The girl, who says her name is Fiona, wants to find something called Zoids Eve, and so Van, Zeke, and Fiona begin their adventure.
 Zoids are beast-like fighting machines used in both everyday use such as transportation, and special use such as war. Some types of Zoids, know as Organoids, are miniature Zoids that are living organisms. These Organoids have the capability to fuse with a non-living Zoid and make it much more powerful.Van (Ban) Freiheit discovers a Zoid Organoid in an abandoned laboratory while running from two strangers piloting Zoids. Also in the laboratory, in an animated suspension tube is a strange girl. He breaks the tube open and takes her and the Organoid with him. Spotting a ruined Shield Liger Zoid outside nearby, the Organoid fuses with it and repairs the damages. Making his escape, Van names the Organoid Zeke, and decides to keep him as a friend. The girl, who says her name is Fiona, wants to find something called Zoids Eve, and so Van, Zeke, and Fiona begin their adventure.
 R.D. is a delivery boy who works for a company called Mach Storm in order to earn money to search for the legendary Alpha Zoid. A Zoid that he heard rumours about from his dad that he passionately believes in. Mach Storm also doubles as a Zoid Battling team. In R.D.'s first Coliseum Zoid Battle, he encounters a team that can fuse Zoids. R.D. soon discovers that he has a Zoid that can computably fuse with his Zoid, Liger Zero. After this happens R.D.'s adventure to discover the truth about the Alpha Zoid begins.
 New Century Zero takes place a long time after the events of Zoids


 Battle CG anime based on the Zoids Wild franchise.
 Sequel of Zoids Wild.
 In the 21st century planet Earth was rendered inhospitable to life, and people mass-migrated to Planet Zi, the natural home of metallic life forms known as Zoids.Many years later, Zi faces its end. Its inhabitants partake the journey to migrate back to Earth.Attempting to regenerate the Earth to make it hospitable, the migrants come up with a "Zi-Forming" scheme.However, the plan fails and Earth is left in its state of turmoil. Overrun by Zoids and blanked by unstable weather phenomena, the migrants are faced with a difficult life. The Empire and Republic settlements attempt to uncover Zoids buried within the Earth to bolster their respective armies.The story picks up following second-generation Earth citizens
 R.D. is a delivery boy who works for a company called Mach Storm in order to earn money to search for the legendary Alpha Zoid. A Zoid that he heard rumors about from his dad that he passionately believes in. Mach Storm also doubles as a Zoid Battling team.In R.D.’s first Coliseum Zoid Battle, he encounters a team that can fuse Zoids. R.D. soon discovers that he has a Zoid that can compatably fuse with his Zoid, Liger Zero. After this happens R.D.’s adventure to discover the truth about the Alpha Zoid begins.
 Natsume is again meeting new youkai and helping them. A lot of friends join him along the way, he meets others who can also see the spirits and at times they join forces to solve the latest mystery. As always, Nyanko-sensei is there to help Natsume on his quests.
 As with its prequel, Zoku Natsume Yuujinchou is about Takashi Natsume, a boy who has had the ability to see youkai since he was young, and his bodyguard youkai Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei. Natsume attempts to return names written in his "Book of Friends" (which he inherited from his grandmother Reiko) to youkai in his village. Throughout these adventures, he meets some youkai that are friendly, some that want to steal the Book, and some that want to kill him, as Natsume learns about himself and his relationship with these mysterious beings along the way.

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Itoshiki Nozomu is the world’s most negative person. To his way of thinking, there is no hope or meaning in this existence. Even the three kanji of his name become the two-kanji word zetsubou, “despair”, when compressed. What an ironic twist of fate, then, that he becomes teacher to a class containing his precise opposite, the invincibly positive-minded Fuura Kafuka.
 Sequel of Touken Ranbu
 Sequel of Touken Ranbu
 Zombie LoanZombie Loan is about a special girl name Michiru Kita. When a person about to die, she can see the ring that appears on a person's neck.  After seeing it on two boys in her class, she seeks to warn them, only to discover that the boys are already dead, but are still walking around hunting down dangerous zombies due to a contract with Zombie-Loan. They try to use Michiru's "Shinigami eyes" to their advantage, much to Michiru's dismay. This anime was broadcast on the Japanese network on July 3, 2007
 Zombieland Saga (Japanese
 Zombieland Saga (Japanese

 Second Season of Zombieland Saga.
 Second Season of Zombieland Saga.
 Z.O.E. 2167 Idolo takes place a few years prior to the events of the series Z.O.E Dolores, i, and is centered on the "Deimos Incident," an act of terrorism by the Mars revolutionaries.The BAHRAM army pilots Radium and Viola are the best in their class, and have such have been chosen to do spearhead testing on a new type of weapon; Mars hopes this weapon will liberate them from the UNSF's (United Nations Space Force) tyranny. This new technology called the "Orbital Frame," is powered by an extremely rare and powerful source of energy known as the Metatron ore.
 Z.O.E. 2167 Idolo takes place a few years prior to the events of the series Z.O.E Dolores, i, and is centered on the "Deimos Incident," an act of terrorism by the Mars revolutionaries.The BAHRAM army pilots Radium and Viola are the best in their class, and have such have been chosen to do spearhead testing on a new type of weapon; Mars hopes this weapon will liberate them from the UNSF's (United Nations Space Force) tyranny. This new technology called the "Orbital Frame," is powered by an extremely rare and powerful source of energy known as the Metatron ore.
 Z.O.E. 2167 Idolo will take place a few years prior to the events of the series Z.O.E Dolores,i, and is centered on the Deimos Incident, a terrorist action by the Mars revolutionaries.The Buffram army pilots Radium and Viola are the best in their class, and as such have been chosen to spearhead testing on a new type of weapon, Mars hopes this weapon will liberate them from the Earth's tyranny, this new technology called the Orbital Frame is powered by an extremely rare and powerful source known as Metatron.This OVA depicts the Deimos incident and the story leading up to this incident, the pilot Radium is sucked into the power complex of Metatron which makes him go from a nice guy to a blood thirsty maniac, but when Earth finds out about this secret weapon, they assault the Mars research base in an attempt to steal the orbital frame, during this raid the head scientist of development and Radium's girl friend Dolores are abducted, but the earth forces failed to capture the Idolo orbital frame, in an act of his love Radium races off to the Buffrum army orbital base to save Dolores and what ensued was what history would call the Deimos affair.
 A talented young cook's encounter with a hungry girl who popped up in his kitchen changes his ordinary life forever. Dora, a summoned spirit and a truly cute goddess, now calls him master. However, he is not interested at all and trying everything he could to get away from the ghostly figure. As fate would have it, when he becomes a summoner by accident, there is no turn back in life.
 A talented young cook's encounter with a hungry girl who popped up in his kitchen changes his ordinary life forever. Dora, a summoned spirit and a truly cute goddess, now calls him master. However, he is not interested at all and trying everything he could to get away from the ghostly figure. As fate would have it, when he becomes a summoner by accident, there is no turn back in life.
 In the late 90's, in China, Tu Xiaoyi, an high school student, takes no interest in marks and prefers to play video games with his friend nicknamed "Peanut." One day, he was chosen by his teacher to become the class representative with Yao Zhetian, a very cute girl. He will experience his first love and disappointments.

 Kokuhaku Jikkou Iinkai
 hack//G.U. Returner is a single-episode OVA offered to fans who completed all three GU Games, featuring characters from the .hack//G.U. Games and .hack//Roots.
 Based on the CyberConnect2 HIT GAME, now will be released in a CG Movie!The Movie will be placed in the storyline of each .hack//G.U. games trilogy. The story follows Haseo, a player in the online MMORPG called The World
 .hack//Legend of the Twilight
 The story follows three girls, Mai Minase, Yuki Aihara, and Kyoko Tohno, and a former CC Corp. director of the Japanese version of The World, Junichiro Tokuoka. They investigate as to why several people have fallen into a coma while playing the game. The amine starts with the collapse of Mai and her boyfriend, (Tomonari Kasumi). It is soon revealed that she heard a certain sound (which is also present at important points in .hack//Sign) shortly before collapsing. She later wakes up to the same sound, the sound that tunes. “A In C Minor”.Through the knowledge of all the the characters, the constantly search for the answer to why there have been so many victims due to “The World”. Will they be able to battle something that doesn’t even exist in the real world?Genre
 While playing the newly released MMORPG "The World," Minase Mai and Tomonari Kasumi collapsed in the real world and were sent to the hospital after hearing a mysterious sound. Only Mai had recovered while her friend Kasumi had slipped into a mysterious coma. Mai is later approached by the creator of "The World," Tokuoka Junichiro, who unveils to her that, just like her friend, six other players across the country had also collapsed while playing "The World" and are now in mysterious comas. What exactly is "The World," what is this mysterious sound Mai keeps on hearing, and why are people slipping into comas from this game? Minase, Junichiro and their acquaintances set off to get to the bottom of this problem before any further harm happens.
 Plot Summary
 hack//Roots is the prequel to the .hack// videogames. It follows the story of Haseo a member of the Twilight Brigade guild. In the year 2015 the C.C. Corp’s building was burned down, and with it most of the data for “The World” was lost. By mixing the remaining data with that of another game, the C.C. Corp was able to create the game, “The World
 After the destruction of "The World" in 2015, CC Corporation rebuilt the game using data from what was previously to be another game. "The World R
 Taking place 2 years after the “Pluto’s Kiss” crisis. “The World” once again returns. This time being the only PC game in existence. Tsubasa a boy who started playing only a few weeks before, finds himself taken to a mysterious zone, where he meets Aura, Morganna, and a mysterious player that has the appearance of a cat. Soon after realizing that he can’t logout, he is forced to stay in “The World”, but unlike other characters he can still feel pain, he still has his emotions.He slowly separates himself from those who try to help him, the only ones that can help him. His friends Bear and Black Rose, constantly try to comfort him in his struggle, but he always pushes them away. He only wants to search for the answer to why he can’t logout, and to the real question of who he really is.Genre
 A young wavemaster, only known by the alias of Tsukasa, wakes up in an MMORPG called The World, with slight amnesia. He does not know what he has previously done before he woke up. In The World, he is suspected to be a hacker of the Crimson Knights, as he was seen accompanying a tweaked character in the form of a cat. Unable to log out from the game, he wanders around looking for answers, avoiding the knights and other players he meets along the way.As Tsukasa explores The World, he stumbles upon a magical item that takes the form of a 'guardian', which promises him protection from all harm. Subaru, the leader of the Crimson Knights, along with several other players who became acquainted with Tsukasa, set out to investigate why Tsukasa is unable to log out, and attempt to get to the bottom of the problem before it gets out of hand.
 Winning the legendary characters "Kite" and "Black Rose" from an event held by the creators of the MMORPG "The World," Shugo and his twin sister Rena steps into "The World." Together they completed events and quests, along with their new friends Ouka, Mirelle, Hotaru, and Sanjuro. Soon after, mysterious monsters appeared, and death by these monsters caused players to slip into a coma in the real world. Only Shugo and Rena can solve this problem, but why are they being targeted, and what secrets is the game hiding?
 .hack//The Movie
 Short episode bundled with the limited edition release of "Bungaku Shoujo" Minarai no, Shoushin.
 Uro Yamada works as part of the "Hero Retirement and Return to Everyday Life Assistance Agency," which takes heroes from another world back to Earth and helps them reintegrate into everyday life.
 Nine regular humans from different parts of the world are abducted and transformed into cyborgs with astounding powers for the purpose of being used as weapons. The nine cyborgs rebel and start to fight against their creators in the name of justice and world peace.Decades later, the nine cyborgs seem to be untouched by time, but they live in a world where "justice" has as many nuances as the number of people living on the planet. What is their place in the world now?
 Nine regular humans from different parts of the world are abducted and transformed into cyborgs with astounding powers for the purpose of being used as weapons. The nine cyborgs rebel and start to fight against their creators in the name of justice and world peace. Decades later, the nine cyborgs seem to be untouched by time, but they live in a world where "justice" has as many nuances as the number of people living on the planet. What is their place in the world now?"In the beginning was the Voice, and the word was Him; and all obeyed His word in great awe. But those who dwelt upon the land, through vanity, cunning and greed, attempted to build a multitude of towers whose tops reached unto heaven, and accumulated great wealth on earth. Scattering across the land and laying it to waste, man turned a deaf ear to His Voice. So He gave unto man an opportunity to atone for his misdeeds; and flame and smoke and the roar of a lion descended upon earth; and shattered the many towers to dust...."
 In an alternate world, the Cold War has continued to persist for 140 years. As a result, the world was divided into two factions
 Mylene Hoffman, a beautiful cyborg spy with the codename "009-1" lives in an alternative world where the cold war never ended, continuously on-going for 140 years. The world is split into two factions, the West and the East block. A masquerade of peace between the two is slowly dissipated as the conflict occurs. Through politics, the two factions battle over supremacy over technology to threats of a nuclear attack. Mylene Hoffman, teaming up with three other agent, gets surrounded by deception, chaos and rivalry as she carries out missions assigned by her superiors.
 Out of 500 students in the military academy, only 20 will pass the difficult graduation exam to become begleiters (Assistant Executive Officers). Teito Klein, the chairman’s favorite, is one of them. He is disliked by the other students because of his relations with the chairman and his mysterious past. After Teito and his best from, Mikage, finish the first phase, Teito begins to have strange dreams again about a man. Later on he eavesdrops on people talking about him. During this conversation, Teito recognizes the man in his dreams and another man that killed him. When he is caught he is sent to prison, but escapes with the help of his best friend. Teito left Mikage and was found falling from the sky and unconscious by a group of guys.Genre
 Nobumasa is a boy who works part-time in a shoe store, where he meets Mizuki, a girl whose abusive family life has left her unable to trust other people. Meanwhile, Nobumasa is unaware that another girl, Seiko, has a crush on him but is unable to express her feelings.
 Yotsuya Yuusuke along with his classmates Shindou Iu and Hakozaki Kusue have been transported to a strange and unknown world inhabited by mythological creatures. As soon as they arrive, they meet somebody calling himself the Game Master who then grants them a time-limited quest. To aid them in this quest, he also bestows Shindou and Hakozaki with the roles of a Magician and a Warrior while Yotsuya is randomly granted the role of... a Farmer?!This is how a hectic life of adventuring began for three students who now have no choice, but to complete random quests for several phases in the fantasy world if they want to stay alive and protect the real world from the demons and monsters they encounter.
 Yotsuya Yuusuke along with his classmates Shindou Iu and Hakozaki Kusue have been transported to a strange and unknown world inhabited by mythological creatures. As soon as they arrive, they meet somebody calling himself the Game Master who then grants them a time-limited quest. To aid them in this quest, he also bestows Shindou and Hakozaki with the roles of a Magician and a Warrior while Yotsuya is randomly granted the role of... a Farmer?!This is how a hectic life of adventuring began for three students who now have no choice, but to complete random quests for several phases in the fantasy world if they want to stay alive and protect the real world from the demons and monsters they encounter.
 Second season of 100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru.
 Second season of 100-man no Inochi no Ue ni Ore wa Tatteiru.

 The story centers around an elementary school teacher who is so stupid that he cannot even write his own name. He does whatever he likes in his classroom. Plus, by all appearances, he is not human.
 Presented in the form of a feverish love dream, 1001 Nights is the first performance of the ground-breaking "Filmharmonic" series, which presents new orchestral works by film composers in tandem with short films made by A-list directors. Nights is the series' only animated work, and plans originally called for the film to be completely computer animated.
 Presented in the form of a feverish love dream, 1001 Nights (based on Amano`s book of artwork) is the first performance of the groundbreaking "Filmharmonic" series, which presents new orchestral works by film composers in tandem with short films made by A-list directors. Nights is the series's only animated work, and plans originally called for the film to be completely computer animated.
 Satsuki Kakeru lost his sister by suicide and has been living a dull life ever since then. One day, he is transported into a bizarre world “Red Night” along with his friend Minase Yuka. In order to survive and escape from Red Night, he fights against Dark Spirits (Ralva) and Black NightsGenres
 The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The series depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love.
 The story begins with Hanabi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The series depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love.
 The story begins with Hanahi, a sixth-grade girl who is neither an adult nor a child. She deals with issues such as accidentally witnessing her homeroom teacher kissing, and worrying about experiencing physiological changes before her friends. The manga depicts a 12-year-old girl's innocent worries and first love.
 Devote your youth to developing a lovely bishoujo game that will make players fall in love!"Meiko Uehara, a college student, began working part-time at a computer store in 1992. However, behind the scenes, the shop was an erotic game maker specializing in bishoujo games. Meiko, a talented artist, is suddenly hired as a substitute graphic designer after the staff flees, even though she has never drawn an R-18 illustration before.Will she be able to complete the eroge successfully?! With a 16-bit PC as her partner, her career as a creator begins
 ASMR or Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response is the nerve-tingling or relaxing response and sensation one gets to stimuli such as certain sounds or sights. As the title indicates, the anime will let viewers experience ASMR in 180 seconds. In the story, the heroine challenges her classmates to share in her hobby of recording ASMR works.
 Part of a multi-media project that also includes a mobile game and a virtual reality game.
 Part of a multi-media project that also includes a mobile game and a virtual reality game.
 Shinobu is a naive ninja-in-training. In order to test her ninja abilites, she must steal the panties of all the high school girls. The first house she stops at is the abode of one Kaede Shiranui, who happens to catch Shinobu in the act. Kaeda is the voice of reason and the two girls become quick friends, despite a round yellow ball-thing who claims to be a ninja master and tries to get in the way of their friendship.Genre
 High school student Kimichika Haijima moves back to his hometown, Fukui, after causing trouble in the Tokyo Junior High School volleyball club. There, he is reunited with his childhood friend, Yunii Kuroba, who possesses outstanding physical abilities, but is vulnerable under pressure. Haijima, with his overwhelming passion and talent for volleyball, forms an ace combination with Kuroba.The two enroll at Seiin High School, where they join the volleyball club. Awaiting them are the 163 cm hot-blooded captain Shinichirou Oda, the talented and sharp-tongued vice-captain Misao Aoki and his third-year pair, and second-year students, including Akito Kanno, who is always wearing long sleeves due to his allergy to sunlight.The newborn team breaks its former shell of weakness and becomes Fukui's rising star. This is a certain team's journey to victory, with a series of fascinating rivals standing in their way.
 Genius setter Kimichika Haijima moves back to Fukui from Tokyo after an incident within his school's volleyball team forces him out. There, he is reunited with his childhood friend, Yuni Kuroba, a member of the Monshiro Middle School Boys' Volleyball Team, who is unaware of his own talents. Haijima notices Kuroba's abilities and is determined to form a new volleyball team with Kuroba as the team's ace. At the prefectural tournament, Kuroba crumbles under the pressure, which causes the Monshiro team to fall apart after losing. The loss also creates a rift between Haijima and Kuroba, leading the former to quit the team.Now, as students at Seiin High School, Haijima and Kuroba find themselves on the same volleyball team once again. Having learned from his past mistakes, Haijima helps Kuroba overcome his performance anxiety to become the ace and carry the team to the prefectural championship. With support from team captain Shinichirou Oda and vice captain Misao Aoki, Seiin aim to win the prefecturals and become Fukui's representatives at the Spring Tournament. To do this, they will need to beat Fukuho Technical High School, the reigning champions of Fukui. Will Haijima's team defeat the odds, or are they doomed to repeat his history of losing?
 TV Anime Series for Idol Group 22/7, Slated for January 2020.
 Thirteenth episode included in sixth Blu-ray volume.This episode centers on the story of Mikami Kamiki, Yuuki Toujou, and Tsubomi Hiiragi.
 The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs.
 The characters are Tama, Momo, Wocket, Tiggle, Rockney, Pimmy, Bupkus, Bengpu, and Chopin. There is no consistent plot. Tama and his friends just have little, family friendly, adventures every episode. The only consistency is when a new friend is made one episode and flash backs.
 Rei Kiriyama is a 17-year-old boy who recently started living alone, financed by his salary as a professional Shogi player. Despite his independence, however, he's yet to mature emotionally, and his problems continue to haunt him in his daily life. His relationship with his adoptive family is strained, and he has difficulties interacting with his fellow high school students. Meanwhile, his professional career has entered a slump. Burdened with the heavy expectations placed on him as the fifth to become pro in middle school, his wins and losses are fluctuating as his record and progression into the ranks begin to stagnate.Acquainted with Rei are the three Kawamoto sisters
 Having reached professional status in middle school, Rei Kiriyama is one of the few elite in the world of shogi. Due to this, he faces an enormous amount of pressure, both from the shogi community and his adoptive family. Seeking independence from his tense home life, he moves into an apartment in Tokyo. As a 17-year-old living on his own, Rei tends to take poor care of himself, and his reclusive personality ostracizes him from his peers in school and at the shogi hall.However, not long after his arrival in Tokyo, Rei meets Akari, Hinata, and Momo Kawamoto, a trio of sisters living with their grandfather who owns a traditional wagashi shop. Akari, the oldest of the three girls, is determined to combat Rei's loneliness and poorly sustained lifestyle with motherly hospitality. The Kawamoto sisters, coping with past tragedies, also share with Rei a unique familial bond that he has lacked for most of his life. As he struggles to maintain himself physically and mentally through his shogi career, Rei must learn how to interact with others and understand his own complex emotions.
 The second season of 3-gatsu no Lion.
 The series re-imagines the Glass Mask manga and its characters in a school gag comedy focused on satirizing modern society.
 The spin-off anime to Gintama follows Ginpachi Sakata as a teacher in Gintama High School.
 Plot Summary
 Haha wo Tazunete Sanzenri is about an Italian boy, Marco, and his journey in search of his mother. Italy was in a deep depression, so to support her family, Marco`s mother went to Argentina to work as a domestic (like Piccolo`s sons went to America to work in Porco Rosso). But after she wrote to her family that she was sick, her letters stopped coming.So Marco decides to go to Argentina to look for her. Marco has to travel across Argentina to find her, meeting many wonderful people, and encountering many adventures during his journey.Genre
 Tsutsui Hikari is an otaku, and he mostly avoids social life. Hikari has only one friend at school, who is also a social misfit, and he is mocked brutally by most of his classmates for being creepy and weird. One day, he ends up having to clean the school pool with Igarashi Iroha, who appears to be pretty much everything he hates in real-life girls. She skips school, has a blunt manner, doesn't have female friends, and seems the sort to be promiscuous. However, she is friendly to Hikari, and even stands up to the people who make fun of him. Hikari's bitterness and trust issues lead him to say pretty harsh things to Iroha, but she never dismisses him as creepy. After a while, it starts to look like Iroha may become his first real-life, 3D girlfriend! Will he be able to handle it?
 Tsutsui Hikari is an otaku, and he mostly avoids social life. Hikari has only one friend at school, who is also a social misfit, and he is mocked brutally by most of his classmates for being creepy and weird. One day, he ends up having to clean the school pool with Igarashi Iroha, who appears to be pretty much everything he hates in real-life girls. She skips school, has a blunt manner, doesn't have female friends, and seems the sort to be promiscuous. However, she is friendly to Hikari, and even stands up to the people who make fun of him. Hikari's bitterness and trust issues lead him to say pretty harsh things to Iroha, but she never dismisses him as creepy. After a while, it starts to look like Iroha may become his first real-life, 3D girlfriend! Will he be able to handle it?
 Second season of 3D Kanojo
 Second season of 3D Kanojo
 3X3 Eyes is the story of a young man named Yakumo Fuuji, who through a strange series of events becomes the immortal slave of the last of a race of 3 Eyed demons. The demon absorbs his soul to save his life, making him immortal in the process. Now, he begins a journey with the female demon in an attempt to find a way of becoming human. Of course, there are many complications along the way, not the least of which being that the demon is a female with a split personality, one achingly cute and the other being no-nonsense destructive power, and the romances that develop between.
 Yakumo has trained and searched for 4 years, following Pai's mysterious disappearance. However, when he finally finds her, not all is well as her memory seems to be gone. They attempt to return her memory by going to the Holy Land, birthplace of the immortal race of Sanjiyans.
 Yakumo has trained and searched for 4 years, following Pai's mysterious disappearance. However, when he finally finds her, not all is well as her memory seems to be gone. They attempt to return her memory by going to the Holy Land, birthplace of the immortal race of Sanjiyans.
 The story of four friends who each have a secret they cannot share with each other.
 Created In celebration of the 40th anniversary of the founding of Coro Coro Comics. The anime brings together many famous Coro Coro Comics characters. It takes place in an elementary school the characters attend.
 Tohno Takaki and Shinohara Akari, two very close friends and classmates, are torn apart when Akari's family is transferred to another region of Japan due to her family's job. Despite separation, they continue to keep in touch through mail. When Takaki finds out that his family is also moving, he decides to meet with Akari one last time.As years pass by, they continue down their own paths, their distance slowly growing wider and their contact with one another fades. Yet, they keep remembering one another and the times they have shared together, wondering if they will have the chance to meet once again.
 Second season of 5-toubun no Hanayome.
 Second season of 5-toubun no Hanayome.
 Futaro has led five quintuplets to the point where they can graduate and pursue their own dreams. Now, finally, they had reached their final school festival. Having decided to make this occasion one to remember, Futaro searches for his feelings for the five quintuplets.
 Futaro has led five quintuplets to the point where they can graduate and pursue their own dreams. Now, finally, they had reached their final school festival. Having decided to make this occasion one to remember, Futaro searches for his feelings for the five quintuplets.
 In the near future, the death penalty has been revoked worldwide. Therefore, criminals are sent to an underground prison set in the impact crater of a nuclear site somewhere in the United States, known as Neo Purgatory.A group of women, known as the Guard of Rose, is caught in the crossfire when the mysterious villain Donn Canyon launches his mission to "purify the world" with radiation...
 Six Hearts Princess, often called 6HP for short, is a Japanese animated series created by Takashi Murakami. It was originally supposed to air beginning in December 2016, but production was not complete, and only half an episode with unfinished art was aired, along with an apology and documentary. The complete version of the first episode was released in September of 2017.
 5.00 Ranked #10912Popularity #3842Members 11,927ONAGonzoAdd to ListEpisodes
 In the immediate future, a giant meteorite has collided with earth. All living organisms, including mankind, have been wiped off the face of the planet. The government, who had foreseen this outcome, took measures to counter the worst-case scenario. In particular was Project "7SEEDS," in which five sets of seven young men and women were carefully selected and placed into teams (Spring, Summer A, Summer B, Autumn and Winter). Each participant was then put under cryogenic sleep in hopes of preserving the continued existence of mankind.When those men and women awoke, they found themselves suddenly thrust into a cruel world. While bereft and grieved over forever losing their loved ones, they sought to find ways to survive.
 Second season of 7 Seeds.
 Second season of 7 Seeds.
 Sang-ho and Sun-ja are kidnapped by someone and live in brutal abuse while performing acrobatics in a circus troupe called the "77th Dan".One day their uncle comes to visit them and they try to escape, but when Sun-ja is captured by the circus, a black hooded person, the object of Japanese fear, suddenly appears to help them...
 Second cour of 86.
 86 special edition.
 The time is 1920, five years after National Prohibition Law took place at a city called Lorel in the United States. Main character Avilo arrives to join the Vampiro family mafia undercover in order to seek revenge of killers who killed his parents and brother in this mafia. A Killing starts kills. Revenge starts new revenge. A story of vengeance and sorrow starts now.
 The time is 1920, five years after National Prohibition Law took place at a city called Lorel in the United States. Main character Avilo arrives to join the Vampiro family mafia undercover in order to seek revenge of killers who killed his parents and brother in this mafia. A Killing starts kills. Revenge starts new revenge. A story of vengeance and sorrow starts now.

 The franchise is celebrating its 20th anniversary with this new project.
 Marina meets beautiful boys in a SF Fantasy based in Medieval England.
 Ai and Yuuto
 Hanabishi Kaoru is a junior in college, living out an ordinary life of studying and friends. One day, he meets a girl whom he discovers is his old friend Sakuraba Aoi, a girl whom he was supposed to have an arranged marriage with. Together, the two rediscover aspects of their pasts that they had tried to suppress while setting out in their lives with one another. Unfortunately, there are a lot of unwanted guests that keep lurking around in their lives. How is their love going to unfold?
 Kaoru Hanabishi, a college student who lives alone, met a beautiful but bewildered girl dressed in a kimono at a train station. He volunteered to guide her way to the address she was looking for, which happened to be in his neighborhood, but turned out to be an empty lot. Not knowing what to do next, Kaoru invited the devastated girl to his apartment and asked for any additional clues to her destination. She supplied him with a photo of two children whom Kauru immediately identified as himself and Aoi Sakuraba, his childhood friend. It turned out that the girl in front of him is Aoi Sakuraba herself, his betrothed fiancee who came all the way to Tokyo to marry him. Her revelation was not only surprising but also reminded the deepest part of Kaoru's memory for why he left the Hanabishi family in the first place.
 Hanabishi Kaoru is a junior in college, living out an ordinary life of studying and friends. One day, he meets a girl whom he discovers is his old friend Sakuraba Aoi, a girl whom he was supposed to have an arranged marriage with. Together, the two rediscover aspects of their pasts that they had tried to suppress while setting out in their lives with one another.Unfortunately, there are a lot of unwanted guests that keep lurking around in their lives. How is their love going to unfold?
 Hanabishi Kaoru is a junior in college, living out an ordinary life of studying and friends. One day, he meets a girl whom he discovers is his old friend Sakuraba Aoi, a girl whom he was supposed to have an arranged marriage with. Together, the two rediscover aspects of their pasts that they had tried to suppress while setting out in their lives with one another.Unfortunately, there are a lot of unwanted guests that keep lurking around in their lives. How is their love going to unfold?
 Ai yori Aoshi
 Two years after meeting Aoi, Kaoru and gang are still up to their normal habits. Kaoru now in grad school and the tenants being as rowdy as ever what will become of Aoi and Kaoru's love.Two years has passed since Aoi and Kaoru were freed from the bonds of their families. They continue to live their normal lives with their usual friends in their house.
 A catastrophic earthquake has left Tokyo, and most of the Earth for that matter, under the sea. Aika is a salvager who retrieves various remains from the watery ruins. When Aika accepts the dangerous mission of locating and obtaining the mysterious Lagu, she discovers that she's not the only one after it.
 Aika Sumeragi, a sixteen year old high school student, offers her services as a C-class Salvager by spreading posters at school after getting her C-class Salvager license. She is immediately hired by Eri Shinkai, Aika’s wealthy class president and founder of the Treasure Hunting Club. After being introduced to Karen Minamino, a mysterious girl with unknown background and a butterfly insignia on her left breast, the club starts an oceanographic expedition on Eri’s private cruiser to uncover the riddles encoded in Karen’s insignia.During their journey more questions arise as Risako Nagisa, the schools form teacher, attempts to sabotage the expedition and capture Karen, and a suspicious underwater airport is found by the team with Aika’s beloved Beluga submarine. While the pieces of the puzzle slowly come together, Karen’s life is turned upside down when the team discovers ancient technology to which Karen is the key and traces of biogenetic experiments.
 Aika is a smart and athletic high school girl. She is so competent that she successfully passes the salvagers license test, obtaining a C-class license. Yet, she is young and hotheaded, so much so that Gota still treats her as a child. Due to this personality, no one is willing to hire her for salvaging jobs.Since she had taken the trouble to get her license, she decides to post an ad in her school to attract clients. She manages to get the attention of Erika, a daughter of a rich family and the leader of the treasure hunting club. She asks Aika to salvage something from the sea and Aika delightfully accepts the request.However, upon seeing the state-of-the-art submarine loaded onto Erika's private cruiser and discovering their destination, Aika realizes the terrible nature of her assignment. This results in a clash with a group of high school girls in the southern islands.Who is the mysterious girl named Karen? So begins Aika's newest challenge!
 The new OVA, titled “AIka Zero,” will take place 3 years after Aika R-16 & 7 years before the original Agent Aika classic. That puts our heroine at 19 years old, & the character designs reflect as much. 19-year-old Aika seems like a cross-over between the cute & young 16-year-old Aika from R-16, & the sexy mature 26-year-old Aika from the original.
 A bonus episode about Aika and company moving to a new office.
 New Aikatsu series.
 Aikatsu Friends! second season.
 Raki Kiseki is a second-year middle school student who transfers to Star Harmony Academy to become an idol. However, when she uses an Aikatsu Pass she received from her big sister (an Aikatsu engineer), something mysterious happens. Lots of doors appeared before her, and when she opens them, she meets Aikatsu idols she never knew before, such as Yume Nijino (Aikatsu Stars!). Raki vows to design her own premium dress and perform in it on stage.
 "Dream School Grand Prix" to decide the No.1 idol school among five schools representing the Aikatsu world will be held! In this competition where top idols representing each school compete on stage, Dream Academy's new idol Noel Otoshiro is selected as one of them?! For each idol's dream, a new story starts running into the shining future!

 Aikatsu Planet! is a collectible card game by Bandai and a spin-off of Aikatsu!, another collectible card game by Bandai. A live-action and anime hybrid adaptation made by BN Pictures began airing on January 10, 2021.
 The series will feature a new protagonist named Yume Nijino. Yume aims to become a top idol, and she enrolls in the Yotsuboshi Gakuen (Four Stars Academy). This academy has a special group called the S4, who are the top four active idols in the school. Yume and the other first-year students aim to become a part of the S4.
 Aikatsu Stars! Movie
 1The anime series is about the Aikatsu, a special card game about producing idols. The girls who’re from Starlight Academy, a prestigious school with both middle and high branches, train to become idols and take part in various auditions. And they will use Aikatsu card which contain digitalised dresses and accessories from various manufacturers. How well they succeed is often dependent on choosing the right combination of cards.The video games cast players in the role of a new student, who must train to become an idol and reach the top.The series follows Ichigo Hoshimiya , ordinary middle school girl. But when her best friend, Aoi, invites her to join the idol training academy, her whole world is turned upside down. As she encounters all kinds of rivals and learns what it takes to be an idol, she uses her Aikatsu Cards to challenge countless auditions.
 Hoshimiya Ichigo is a normal girl in her 1st year of middle-school. However, her life changes drastically when, at her good friend Aoi's invitation, she is admitted into Starlight Academy, a famous school for grooming idols. In the weeks and months to come, Ichigo meets many rivals, learns the skills of being an idol, and, using her Aikatsu! card, enters numerous auditions.
 The story of the anime revolves around Ichigo, who was just a normal middle school student until she suddenly got involved in the world of idols. The film will center on Aikatsu!'s greatest "Super Live" concert yet, the Dai Star Miya Ichigo Matsuri. Ichigo prepares for the concert with press conferences, last-minute lessons, and more.
 The three members of Luminous started their tour in Hokkaido, where they met two girls who love singing and dancing
 The story of the anime revolves around Ichigo, who was just a normal middle school student until she suddenly got involved in the world of idols. The film will center on Aikatsu!'s greatest "Super Live" concert yet, the Dai Star Miya Ichigo Matsuri. Ichigo prepares for the concert with press conferences, last-minute lessons, and more.
 Short anime screened alongside Aikatsu Stars! Movie. The film and the short will mark the first time the franchise is screening a double feature.
 Yukito Kunisaki is on a journey in search of the Winged Maiden who was bound to the sky centuries ago, after hearing an old childhood tale from his mother. As Yukito shows his puppet show to people in an attempt to make some money, he finds himself in a small town in which he did not expect to stay very long. However, when he meets an unusual girl named Misuzu, things take a drastic turn as he is invited to stay with her.By staying in the quaint town, Yukito soon becomes friends with the locals. As he gets to know them better, he learns of their problems and decides to help, putting his search for the Winged Maiden on hold. With his search on hold, and his growing attachment to Misuzu and the small town, will Yukito ever find the Winged Maiden, or is she closer than he thought?
 Centuries ago, Kanna, a princess and the last of a winged race, was held prisoner in a castle as she was feared by the rest of the world. However, when she met a soldier named Ryuuya, she fell in love with him and told him of her wishes to see the outside world and to find her mother. Ryuuya attempted to fulfill these wishes. However, his efforts were in vain as Kanna was sealed in the sky through magic and cursed to be in pain for all eternity.Hundreds of years later, Yukito, a decendant of Ryuuya, comes to a quiet town one week before their annual festival with hopes that he can make some money. However, when he meets an unusual girl called Misuzu, he is reminded of what his mother once told him - "When you go out on your journey, if you find the winged girl's re-incarnation, you must use your power to set her free".Yukito and Misuzu's fates soon become intertwined with each other, with each developing feelings for the other. However when Yukito realizes Misuzu's connection to the past, he must decide on whether to leave, or to attempt to break the curse that has bound Kanna in centuries of pain.
 Minami Itsuki never thought about seriously riding Air Treck motorized roller blades, until he got his butt handed to him by a street gang of Storm Riders. That day, he discovered in a locked up room, a pair of AT's and a box of stickers belonging to the Sleeping Forest street gang. One thing leads to another, and Ikki dons the wheels and begins to ride. As his reputation builds in the AT street fighting/racing world, he begins to develop his own gang and participate in more fights, gaining more and more territory.
 An extension of the summer-arc in the Air TV-series, showing more of what happened during Kanna's, Ryuya's and Uraha's journey to find Kanna's mother.
 Kunisaki Yukito is a traveller, ever seeking the girl in the sky from a legend passed down in his family. His journey takes him to a small seaside town, where he meets Misuzu, a girl who seems eager to become his friend. A story spanning a thousand years begins to unfold against the background of their peculiar relationship.
 Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school and gets confessed to by a bunch of beautiful girls! The worst thing is, Jiang hao doesn't know any of the girls who confessed to him! What on earth is happening?
 Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble, suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school when a bunch of beautiful girls confess to him! Unfortunately for Jian Hao, he doesn't know any of the girls who have confessed to him... What on Earth is happening?
 Yaeko Mitamura is an 18 year old girl working in her father's Okonomiyaki restaurant. One day Yakko casually meets a little boy, Hashizo and his odd cat Juliano. Hashizo has lost both parents when still a baby and has been brought up by his elder brother. Hashizo's brother Go Kato is the lead singer of the emerging rock band "Bee Hive". When Yakko meets Go and his friend and "Bee Hive" member Satomi Okawa an unexpected series of events unfolds. Love, jealousy, rock'n roll and the sparkle of newly borned stars is what makes this anime so lovable.
 Based on a shounen manga by Kusunoki Michiharu serialised in Weekly Shounen Magazine.

 Ajin are humans that cannot die. Seventeen years ago, they first appeared on a battlefield in Africa. From then on, more of their kind are discovered within the human society. Their rarity in appearance means that, for experimental purposes, the government will generously reward anyone who captures one. In the present day, for what a certain high school student expects to be a typical summer holiday, his life is about to turn unexpected...
 Mysterious immortal humans known as "Ajin" first appeared 17 years ago in Africa. Upon their discovery, they were labeled as a threat to mankind, as they might use their powers for evil and were incapable of being destroyed. Since then, whenever an Ajin is found within society, they are to be arrested and taken into custody immediately.Studying hard to become a doctor, Kei Nagai is a high schooler who knows very little about Ajin, only having seen them appear in the news every now and then. Students are taught that these creatures are not considered to be human, but Kei doesn't pay much attention in class. As a result, his perilously little grasp on this subject proves to be completely irrelevant when he survives an accident that was supposed to claim his life, signaling his rebirth as an Ajin and the start of his days of torment. However, as he finds himself alone on the run from the entire world, Kei soon realizes that more of his species may be a lot closer than he thinks.
 Second cours of Ajin.
 After escaping certain death, Kei Nagai and his new companion Kou Nakano plot revenge on Satou, their fellow Ajin who is hellbent on world domination. As Satou embarks on a string of public executions, the human race rushes to come up with a solution to stop the immortal villain.Kei discovers unlikely allies in the form of two former adversaries
 New episodes bundled with the limited edition eighth and ninth manga volumes.
 Takuya Enoki is living a difficult life for a fifth grader. His mother passed away in a tragic car accident a few months ago, forcing him to pick up the slack and take care of his baby brother, Minoru, as his father works the endless hours typical of a Japanese salaryman.He will have to sacrifice his childhood in order to meet the needs of his little brother. Cooking, cleaning, worrying, and trying to discipline Minoru are some of the tasks Takuya will have on his plate, all while their neighbors blame him for Minoru’s constant crying. Meanwhile, he will watch as his friends live their carefree lives, enjoying their free time. It will not be easy and there will be plenty of stumbling blocks, but along the way, he may actually learn the true meaning of family.
 Shirayuki was a young girl born with unique apple-red hair. She meets a famous but foolish Prince Raji, who falls in love with her at first sight and orders her to become his concubine. With nowhere else to go, Shirayuki cuts her hair and escapes to a neighboring country. While traversing through the forests, she meets a young boy, Zen, who helps her after she boldly cures his wounds but then gets poisoned by an apple given to Shirayuki. Meanwhile, Prince Raji sends out henchmen to search for her. What will happen to Shirayuki? What is Zen's true character? A refreshing fantasy story between an optimistic heroine and a prince who constantly stays on her watch.
 2nd season of Akagami no Shirayuki-hime.
 In the second season of Akagami no Shirayuki-hime, Shirayuki continues her adventures, this time returning to her home country of Tanbarun. What adventures and misfortunes will befall her and her crew? Life is dangerous for those with rare red hair!
 Bundled with the limited edition 15th volume of the manga. Chapters adapted 1. Volume 10, Chapter 41
 Shirayuki was a young girl born with unique apple-red hair. She meets a famous but foolish Prince Raji, who falls in love with her at first sight and orders her to become his concubine. With nowhere else to go, Shirayuki cuts her hair and escapes to a neighboring country. While traversing through the forests, she meets a young boy, Zen, who helps her after she boldly cures his wounds but then gets poisoned by an apple given to Shirayuki. Meanwhile, Prince Raji sends out henchmen to search for her. What will happen to Shirayuki? What is Zen's true character? A refreshing fantasy story between an optimistic heroine and a prince who constantly stays on her watch
 Life isn’t easy for Anne Shirley, an 11-year-old orphan with a vast imagination and a short temper. In a twist of fate, she gets taken into the Cuthbert house in Avonlea. The elderly occupants Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert were looking for a young boy to help in the fields, but they're in for quite a shock when they realize Anne is a girl.Adapted from the acclaimed classic Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery, the series portrays Anne's upbringing from 11 to 17 years of age and her encounters and separations with various people. Only time will tell what major decision Anne has to make that will change her life forever.
 Life isn’t easy for Anne Shirley, an 11-year-old orphan with a vast imagination and a short temper. In a twist of fate, she gets taken into the Cuthbert house in Avonlea. The elderly occupants Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert were looking for a young boy to help in the fields, but they're in for quite a shock when they realize Anne is a girl.Adapted from the acclaimed classic Anne of Green Gables by L.M. Montgomery, the series portrays Anne's upbringing from 11 to 17 years of age and her encounters and separations with various people. Only time will tell what major decision Anne has to make that will change her life forever.
 A recap film of the first 6 episodes of the TV series.Anne is an orphan full of imagination. When she arrives at her new home she learns that sometimes you have to be a sensible person too; at the same time her unique character changes, or at least attracts, the people around her. The story covers Anne's growth from about eleven to seventeen years old as she makes friends, goes to school and studies. At a difficult point in her life, Anne will have to make a hard choice and perhaps find a new dream.
 A recap film of the first 6 episodes of the TV series.Anne is an orphan full of imagination. When she arrives at her new home she learns that sometimes you have to be a sensible person too; at the same time her unique character changes, or at least attracts, the people around her. The story covers Anne's growth from about eleven to seventeen years old as she makes friends, goes to school and studies. At a difficult point in her life, Anne will have to make a hard choice and perhaps find a new dream.
 Akahori Gedou Hour Rabuge is an anime series that combined episodes of two related stories into one broadcast block.Zettai Seigi Love PheromoneYoshizumi Aimi and Sasajima Kaoruko are comic duo, Their dream is to become popular and stand on the Broadway stage.However, their names are not well-known, and they have to do part-time jobs.To make their names popular, they decided to do side job. It is heroines of justice, They will beat villains one after another, but after that, there is nothing but ruins. People are afraid of them and even rumor that they are evil.Soreyuke! Gedou OtometaiThe five Hokke sisters lost their parents when they were quite young. Although they are poor, they`re living comfortably because they have a dream, which is to be evil. The Hokke Family has belonged to an evil organization and worked as a combatant. When their father died, he left them a message that asked them to become a villain that he couldn`t become. However they wondered how to become the best villains.One day, the youngest sister Utano found a jar. They were told not to open it until they we`re 18. It was sealed by a talisman labeled R18. Akuma-ko broke the seal on the jar and a devil appeared. The demon said they had special powers inside of them, when they have the weapons in their hands they would turn into Gedo Otome Tai.
 Japan is secretly controlled by a tyrannical group of ninjas called the Shinogara. Their finest assassin is a man named Hayate Kanuma, whose father leads the Shinogara. Hayate, however, knows that the secret society's control over Japan is wrong. Sacrificing his own safety, Hayate kills his father. Now he's on the run, safe almost nowhere from his vengeful former comrades except perhaps for the one hiding place he decides upon
 Sonnet is a cyborg/esper from a harsh background and now trained to be the ultimate warrior and most powerful weapon in the world. She is sent to Japan to watch Komatsuzaki Lan, who is thought to be controlled by the rage of the esper Akai Kiba (Crimson Fang). Lan is a quiet girl who knows she's different from everybody else and starts to show signs of Crimson Fang after coming into contact with Sonnet. In the course of fighting with Lan, Sonnet starts to rediscover her humanity. At the same time Lan has to fight to retain her humanity and control the Crimson Fang.
 The story takes place on the planet Maris in the year 2387. Around this time, the Nozas started to genocidally kill all humans in order to lay eggs and reproduce on the planet. Three mysterious guns dubbed the "Zillion Weapon System" appear and three teens (JJ, Champ, and Apple) are chosen to wield them as the White Knights in order to fight back against the Nozas.
 In a fantasy world, fighter Tatsumi sets out for the Capitol to earn money for his starving village, and finds a world of unimaginable corruption, all spreading from the depraved Prime Minister who controls the child Emperor's ear. After nearly becoming a victim of this corruption himself, Tatsumi is recruited by Night Raid, a group of assassins dedicated to eliminating the corruption plaguing the Capitol by mercilessly killing those responsible.

 In order to protect the girl Yuuhi Katagiri, a new transfer student, from danger, Junichi Nagase is forced to kiss her. Not understanding what happend, she screams at him, not knowing that her father has arranged for her to marry him.
 Everybody goes on vacation to Ayanokouji's private island for fun in the sun. Hilarity ensues.
 October, 2018. Girls who live in a provincial city perform a certain ritual. The girls are in the "Crystal Radio Club." It is an interest circle that Asuka Tsuchimiya, a girl known for her cheerfulness, started with friends in her high school. That ritual was considered just an urban legend. However, with several conditions coincidentally falling into place, it stops being fun and games...
 Since Yona is the only princess of a grand kingdom, she has been raised with great care by her doting father and protected by her childhood friend/guard Son Haku and others. However, her fate changes on her 16th birthday, when her beloved cousin Suwon murders her father to claim the throne. She flees the castle to Son Haku's hometown and begins her new life.
 Upon her sixteenth birthday, the cheerful Princess Yona intended to tell her doting father of her love for Soo-won, but her life was turned upside down after witnessing the man she loves cruelly assassinating her father. Heartbroken by this painful betrayal, Princess Yona fled the palace with her loyal servant Hak. Now, she will take up the sword and the bow on a quest to gain new allies and protect her beloved people.
 The new anime will adapt two bonus chapters from Mizuho Kusanagi's 12th manga volume, titled "On That Back" and "Kija." "On That Back" follows an incident at a hot spring hotel, and "Kija" depicts the past of the Hakuryuu Kija.
 Following the original TV series, the story tells the efforts of Momiji Gakuen, Chacha's rival school principal, to discover what is so special about Urara Gakuen students and what she could do to "produce" the best students.
 In the beginning of the 21st century, a world war breaks out over interplanetary travel tech. The environment is pretty much destroyed so mankind leaves Earth, settling on other planets, and starts Star Calendar 00.Entertainment and songs become heavily regulated and eventually banned on several planets due to their power to move people, but a brave idol group puts on guerrilla performances in these systems in the name of a famous act from earlier times that sang to Earth's bitter end, AKB48. Famous throughout the galaxy, the group's name is AKB0048.This story centers around a group of girls from various planets, some where entertainment is banned and some, where it is not, striving to become great idols and join AKB0048.Therefore, they participate in the entrance exam and eventually become undergraduates, aiming to someday succeed the current members of the group.
 AKB0048 Second Season, AKB0048 2nd Season Genres
 In the year since the 77th generation understudies joined AKB0048, the Deep Galactic Trade Organization [DGTO] and DES have stepped up their attacks on entertainment. In response, AKB0048 brings back the general elections and the center nova position. The understudies are now thrusted into a new competition directly against the successors. But as AKB0048 brings back policies not seen since Acchan's disappearance, a new more powerful enemy is quietly moving behind the scenes.
 Aki Miyagawa moved to Tokyo to pursue her dream to be a taiko drummer, but had a hard time balancing her strict training regimen with her part-time job. Now, after 15 years, she's returning to coach others for a taiko festival.
 Spring 1999.Admiring and wanting to be a cute maid, a young girl comes to Akihabara. The end-of-the-century "Akiba" is filled with a wide variety of maids. The maid cafe "Ton Tokoton," commonly known as "Butagoya" (Pig Hut), is open today as well!I was in a panic because the new maid who had joined the store with me was quite unpredictable. Maids, trainers, and other Akihabara life forms appear as well, and the red bat swings into action!This is a full-fledged maid's work struggle diary, given to all masters and ladies. "We are waiting for you to come home, boo."
 Akiba-chan focuses on the daily life of Akiba-chan and four fellow TV and game fans in the Maison de Akiba apartments. Buildup Entertainment (Gundam
 Set in Akihabara, the shopping area has been invaded by creatures known as "Synthisters" who prey on the patrons of Akihabara, feasting on their social energy and will to live. These enemies can only be stopped by direct exposure to sunlight, meaning to defeat these synthisters their clothes need to be ripped off exposing them to sunlight.
 Set in Akihabara, the shopping area has been invaded by creatures known as "Synthisters" who prey on the patrons of Akihabara, feasting on their social energy and will to live. These enemies can only be stopped by direct exposure to sunlight, meaning to defeat these synthisters their clothes need to be ripped off exposing them to sunlight.
 A "patapi" is a cute mechanical creature which is like a cyber pet. It can eat, sleep, play, and even help out its owners with some stuff. When Hibari Hanakoganei receives a patapi from a prince in her dreams, she is thrilled and names it "Densuke". When mysterious forces try to steal Densuke, Hibari discovers that Densuke is not just an ordinary patapi. Densuke has magical powers that allows it to transform into a powerful cyber-fighter who looks like Hibari. Hibari's friends also receive similar patapis, and together they form the Cyber Team in Akihabara.
 In the year 2019, thirty-one years after World War III, the authority of Neo-Tokyo is waging a constant battle against Underground rebels. Caught in the middle is a motorcycle gang whose aim is just to make trouble.The gang leader Kaneda Shoutarou gets involved in more ways than one when an experimental psychic child escapes and results in gang member Shima Tetsuo's capture and subsequent experimentation. Tetsuo the bitter runt of the pack now has the power of Akira and soon escapes when everyone realises that his power can result in the total destruction of Neo-Tokyo.
 It's the year 2019, thirty-one years have passed since the start of World War III. A top-secret child with amazing powers of the mind breaks free from custody and accidentally gets a motorcycle gang involved in the project. This incident triggers psychic powers within one of the gang members, Tetsuo, and he is taken by the army to be experimented on. His mind has been altered and is now on the path of war, seeking revenge on the society that once called him weak.
 The romantic comedy follows the everyday life of an extremely tsundere (initially aloof and abrasive, but later kind-hearted) boy named Atsuhiro "Akkun" Kagari and his girlfriend Non "Nontan" Katagiri. Akkun's behavior is harsh toward Nontan with verbal abuse and neglect, but he actually is head-over-heels for her and habitually acts like a stalker by tailing her or eavesdropping. Nontan is oblivious to Akkun's stalker ways, and thinks his actions are cute.
 The pamphlet for the project describes the setting as Japan in 2093. A rural town that used to be the most prestigious town in the world has long since sunk 30 meters under the ocean's surface. The story is a tale of a girl who takes part in free diving (diving without the aid of equipment to breathe), and the emotional growth she experiences.
 Long ago, a war broke out in Japan that pitted Kantou against Kansai and divided the country. Kansai became dependent on Kantou, but slowly the police and government began losing control of Kansai to criminals known as Akudama.
 Long ago, a war broke out in Japan that pitted Kantou against Kansai and divided the country. Kansai became dependent on Kantou, but slowly the police and government began losing control of Kansai to criminals known as Akudama.
 The gag manga depicts the everyday life of the demon Memumemu-chan, who appears before the high school student Hyouta one day. She's come to seduce men and steal their souls, however, has neither the motivation nor the ability to carry out her duty. The story revolves around Memumemu, Hyouta, who is often misunderstood as a lolicon due to Memumemu, and the super sexy mother-daughter duo who manages the apartment Hyouta resides in.
 Ichinose Haru is a student at a private girls' boarding school, Myoujou Academy, who is being targeted by 12 assassins disguised as students.Azuma Tokaku is a transfer student and an assassin who also initially targets Haru, but develops feeling for her and decides to protect her from the other assassins.
 The story is set at Myoujou Academy, a private girls' boarding school. The 10th year's Kurogumi class has 12 assassins with their sights on one target, Haru Ichinose. Tokaku Azuma is a recent transfer student who is also targeting Ichinose, but she gradually develops feelings for Ichinose.
 Unaired episode 13 of Akuma no Riddle released with the seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 Unaired episode 13 of Akuma no Riddle released with the seventh Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 The popular Manga "The Three-Eyed Boy Comes Here" was produced as the eighth in an animated series for a special 24-hour broadcast. This time, the movie was produced by Toei Animation Co., Ltd. instead of by Tezuka Productions Co., Ltd. Here, Tezuka Osamu was in charge of only the original story and a synopsis for animation.Based on the original Manga, "Easter Island
 The age of the demons has begun. Dr Faust has foreseen this rise of evil. Unfortunately, he is near death and is unable to personally battle this upcoming threat. Faust entrusts a young boy, Shingo Yamada, to take the responsibility of ridding the Earth of this new evil presence. Faust finds a birthmark on Shingo's forehead that signifies that he is the chosen demon fighter. Faust summons from hell what may be humanity's only hope of surviving
 When Mr. Satou, a company employee at the world's largest electronics company, is called upon by his boss to tutor his only son in exchange for a high ranking position within the organization, things couldn't have been peachier. At least, that's what he thought...Little did he know that his student was Ichirou Matsushita, a young boy with the mind of a genius and a terrifying hidden agenda. It doesn't take long for Satou to realize that he is the second home tutor in as many weeks that has been sent to teach the little boy. What's even more unnerving is that the previous Tutor's whereabouts appear to be a mystery...The little boy's true identity is revealed when he puts Satou under a curse, turning him into a lizard man and making him one of servants. Little Ichirou Matsushita is none other than "Akuma-kun" boy genius and master of black magic. His goal? To open the portal between hell and earth, summon forth hell's most powerful demons, and enlist their help in taking over the world!

 Being acutely ill, a young girl has spent most of her life in a hospital room playing otome games to fill her time. However, she one day finds herself in the midst of a scene from one of these games as the story's villainess, Irene Loren D'Autriche.At the banquet to celebrate the end of the academy's winter term, the crown prince and Irene's childhood friend, Cedric Jeanne Elmeier, publicly annuls his engagement with Irene and announces that he is in love with Lilia Rainworth, the game's female protagonist. Aware of the tragic future ahead of her and determined to change it, the young girl resolves to conquer the game's final boss, the "Demon King" and Cedric's half-brother, Claude Jeanne Elmeier, by making him fall in love with her instead.With time running out, can Irene succeed with her plans, or will she remain bound to the ill-fated ending that awaits her?
 Being acutely ill, a young girl has spent most of her life in a hospital room playing otome games to fill her time. However, she one day finds herself in the midst of a scene from one of these games as the story's villainess, Aileen Lauren Dautriche.At the banquet to celebrate the end of the academy's winter term, the crown prince and Aileen's childhood friend, Cedric Jeanne Elmir, publicly annuls his engagement with Aileen and announces that he is in love with Lilia Rainworth, the game's female protagonist. Aware of the tragic future ahead of her and determined to change it, the young girl resolves to conquer the game's final boss, the "Demon King" and Cedric's half-brother, Claude, by making him fall in love with her instead.With time running out, can Aileen succeed with her plans, or will she remain bound to the ill-fated ending that awaits her?
 In the 26th century, humans discover a humanoid race living on the distant world GO/7498/2, a dark-skinned, golden-eyed people who seem to eke out a primitive, carefree existence. However, a scout team from Earth discovers that there is more to them than meets the eye--they live in symbiosis with vicious reptilian parasites, and the Terran scientists have upset the delicate natural balance.
 Alakazam is a young and brave monkey who convinces all the other monkeys to make him their king. After attaining the throne and learning magic, he becomes so vain that he goes to heaven to challenge the gods. He is defeated by King Amo, and sentenced to serve as the bodyguard of Prince Amat in order to learn humility.
 In 1972, a hypergate was discovered on the surface of the moon, and humanity began using it to colonize Mars. Years later, war breaks out between Earth and the Martian colonists.
 In 1972, the Apollo 17 mission found a hypergate to Mars on the surface of the moon. Upon landing, astronauts discovered an enchanted utility later referred to as "Aldnoah," giving the astronauts a status of superiority. Soon, many humans have relocated to Mars, and have adapted to the name "Martians." After Princess Asseylum, a royal Martian princess, descends onto Earth in an attempt to create a treaty between both planets, a war breaks out between Earth and Mars, and Martian soldiers begin to descend from the sky, riding steel giants, intent on exterminating humanity.
 Second season of Aldnoah.Zero, announced at the end of the first season.
 Seeking for revenge, Count Saazbaum, a Martian, attacked the Earth. Later on, the war between the Terrans and Martians ended with Earth's Terrans gaining the victory. However, nineteen months later, the battle between them continues. Martians still continues to invade the Earth and the Terrans to protect it.
 In 356 BC, Alexander the Great arrives in Greece with the ominous destiny that he will become the "destroyer of the world." Inheriting the crown, he becomes king of the Macedonians and starts down a road of conquest with terrific speed. Alexander ultimately confronts his fated nemesis, Darius the Third, in a war with Persia which changes Alexander into the devil he was fated to become, assuring the destruction of all in his path, and possibly himself.
 Prince Alexander, son of King Philip, and heir to the Macedonian empire, must fend off political saboteurs, assassins, and the jealousy of his own father to ascend to the position of king. Once there, he begins his quest to conquer all nations and become known as the Great King, though an ancient prophecy foretells that he will be the destroyer of the world and forever remembered as the Devil King.
 A film produced for Toei's 20th anniversary. A boy who is the descendant of the leader of the theives who met a grisly fate in the 1001 Nights bands together with 38 cats and a mouse to get back his rightful treasure from Ali Baba XXXIII, the descendent of Ali Baba who now rules the kingdom with an iron fist. This is a reversal of the good guy/bad guy roles in the original story! (perhaps not surprising for being a film in which Hayao Miyazaki was involved) This film is one of the most rollicking and action-packed films made by Toei, and is in an outrageously cartoonish style breaking with the Toei mold. It has a spectacular lineup of animators including Yasuji Mori, Akira Daikubara, Hayao Miyazaki, Yoichi Kotabe and Reiko Okuyama. The original story about Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves itself is recounted at one point in the film in an unexpected and interesting way using shadow-puppets.
 A film produced for Toei's 20th anniversary. A boy who is the descendant of the leader of the theives who met a grisly fate in the 1001 Nights bands together with 38 cats and a mouse to get back his rightful treasure from Ali Baba XXXIII, the descendent of Ali Baba who now rules the kingdom with an iron fist. This is a reversal of the good guy/bad guy roles in the original story! (perhaps not surprising for being a film in which Hayao Miyazaki was involved) This film is one of the most rollicking and action-packed films made by Toei, and is in an outrageously cartoonish style breaking with the Toei mold. It has a spectacular lineup of animators including Yasuji Mori, Akira Daikubara, Hayao Miyazaki, Yoichi Kotabe and Reiko Okuyama. The original story about Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves itself is recounted at one point in the film in an unexpected and interesting way using shadow-puppets.
 Centuries ago, mankind abandoned planet Earth after the Vice, a race of mechanical aliens, drove them from their home into a life adrift in space. Now resigned to starships forged of pieces of Earth’s shattered moon, the final hope for humanity lies in the hands of Actresses, young women born with the ability to wield the only weapons that can harm the Vice
 When criminal Cybernackists appear in the Cyberland, the vast 21st century computer networks, Alice, Miss Catnick, Leina, and Julie are drawn in by the mysterious Lucia to become a fighting force of young girl soldiers in the Cyberland to combat the criminal element.
 The girly but bloody otome game re-imagining of Lewis Carroll's classic fantasy novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with bishounen characters and added romance.A parody of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland where Alice is smart and non-doormatlike.In this story, Alice is not all what she seems. She is practical, strong, yet darkly cynical. Instead of the tradition story, Alice is kidnapped unwillingly by a mysterious (yet somewhat bishie-looking) man with bunny ears into a place call Heartland. Stuck in Heartland due to a trick by the mysterious bunny eared man, she meets the residents of this world. Along the way, Alice meets Blood, handsome mafia leader; Ace, the psycho yet charming knight and more... What should Alice do in such a world!?
 A retelling of Lewis Carroll's classic tale of the young girl Alice, who follows a white rabbit into a hole, only to find herself in Wonderland, where she meets many interesting characters, both the mysterious Cheshire Cat and the terrible Queen of Hearts.
 This story gives a look at the daily life of a pair or Alice twins and their older brother who has a sister complex. Them eating meals, getting into fights, playing with friends... Would you like to peek at the heart-full daily life of the cute Alices?
 The film will tell the story of boys and girls struggling in an ambiguous world, as they fight their destiny with "love" as the weapon.
 The story centers on a little girl called Sana, who is one of the children that holds the power of "Alice's Dream," an ability that enables her to materialize anything she imagines. After escaping a lab where she was a test subject, Sana ends up in a normal world where she encounters an old man named Zouroku, but will he help her?
 The story centers on a little girl called Sana, who is one of the children that holds the power of "Alice's Dream," an ability that enables her to materialize anything she imagines. After escaping a lab where she was a test subject, Sana ends up in a normal world where she encounters an old man named Zouroku, but will he help her?
 N/A
 Soon after entering middle school, Yuri Otani is coerced into joining the "Alien Party," a single-minded group with one goal
 In rugby, there is no ace striker, there is no number four batter, so who is the star of the team?The story begins at school entrance ceremony of Kanagawa High School where Kenji Gion, a small but gutsy go-getter joins the rugby club. He joins with his classmate, Iwashimizu, who has a complicated past and sub-captain Hachiouji, who always takes good care of his Club members. Lastly, there is Captain Sekizan, who has overwhelming powers but keeps his cards close to his chest. With such differences in both personality and physical performance, the team must learn to work and grow together so they can become the best.
 In rugby, there is no ace striker, there is no number four batter, so who is the star of the team?The story begins at school entrance ceremony of Kanagawa High School where Kenji Gion, a small but gutsy go-getter joins the rugby club. He joins with his classmate, Iwashimizu, who has a complicated past and sub-captain Hachiouji, who always takes good care of his Club members. Lastly, there is Captain Sekizan, who has overwhelming powers but keeps his cards close to his chest. With such differences in both personality and physical performance, the team must learn to work and grow together so they can become the best.
 * Alternate telling of the OVA... with a twist.After starting out in a new school and meeting her rather zany classmates, Nuku Nuku is forced into fighting the dangerous (read as "absurd") robots of the Mishima corporation's inner circle (all in the most ridiculous costumes since Kishin Heidan), led by the evil mastermind (read as "blithering-idiot-in-the-goofiest-costume-of-all"), Hell Mishima. Their plan? Why, to take over the world, of course!
 * Alternate telling of the OVA... with a twist.After starting out in a new school and meeting her rather zany classmates, Nuku Nuku is forced into fighting the dangerous (read as "absurd") robots of the Mishima corporation's inner circle (all in the most ridiculous costumes since Kishin Heidan), led by the evil mastermind (read as "blithering-idiot-in-the-goofiest-costume-of-all"), Hell Mishima. Their plan? Why, to take over the world, of course!
 A collaboration between Suntory's All-Free a zero-alcohol/zero-calorie/zero-carb beverage tasting like beer and Osomatsu-san.
 The first half of the story centers around Allison Whittington, a young blonde pilot in the Roxche Air Force who has experience with biplanes. She comes to visit her good friend Wil Schultz  during his summer vacation at Rowe Sneyum Senior School's dormitory after being away for six months. The two get involved in three different adventures over a period of a year where they meet new people and form important bonds. The first half of the story centers around Allison Whittington, a young blonde pilot in the Roxche Air Force who has experience with biplanes. She comes to visit her good friend Wil Schultz  during his summer vacation at Rowe Sneyum Senior School's dormitory after being away for six months. The two get involved in three different adventures over a period of a year where they meet new people and form important bonds.The second half of the story starts about fifteen years after the conclusion of the first half. The story centers around Lilliane Schultz, or Lillia for short, the daughter of Allison and Wil. Wil has in this time assumed a new identity, Travas, under the Sou Beil military, though still dates Allison. Lillia's companion is her childhood friend Treize, son of Carr Benedict and Fiona; Treize has a twin sister named Merielle. Lillia's and Treize's adventure together begins during her summer vacation from school.Allison & Lillia’s story covers the storys of the Roxcheanuk Confederation, and the United Kingdom of Bezel Iltoa.
 Qin Mo was an orphan raised by five guardians who were the best in their respective disciplines. With the skillsets he had learned from them, he moved to the city to find out the truth about his parents' death. Nonetheless, there were many obstacles in his quest. In the end, would he be able to uncover the mystery behind his parents' death?

 Annette was born into a poor family in Switzerland. She is a sweet girl and takes good care of her little brother Dannie. Lucien is her best friend. One day Dannie gets injured and develops a limp. The accident was Lucien's fault. The happy days turn into a long period of suffering, but little by little Annette and Lucien regain their lost friendship.
 Condensed version of the entire TV series where all the voice actors, except for Heidi and the grandfather, were replaced.
 Condensed version of the first half of the TV series.
 Condensed version of the second half of the TV series.
 “Ding! The host has activated the Field of Invincibility! You will be unbeatable as long as you remain within the field!” A shut-in by the name of Chen Chang’an was transported into a fantasy world, and he swore not to leave the Field of Invincibility until he became an immortal after being endlessly pursued by countless demons and monsters. In the meantime, while he was bored, he took in a few cute and adorable disciples. He accidentally turned them into big shots of the cultivation world and turned it upside down.
 Set in the same universe as the live-action series. This work will explore new elements of the story mythology.
 Set in the same universe as the live-action series. This work will explore new elements of the story mythology.
 Kouhei Inuzuka is a teacher who has been caring for his little daughter on his own since his wife's death. He's no good at cooking, so he and his daughter Tsumugi have been eating packaged meals from the convenience store. A series of events lead him one evening to a restaurant run by the mother of one of his students, Kotori. Her mother isn't there, but Kotori does her best to feed them both. It turns out Kotori is often alone since her parents are divorced and her mother is frequently not around. The three of them begin to meet and cook tasty food together.
 The Super Mario Amada Series are a series of short Japanese fairy tales anime that is found and released only in Japan. The series are released in August 3, 1989 once again only in Japan; making it extremely rare to people not living in Japan.The series is based on one of the three Japanese fairy tales that are told to children. Additionally, the series contained Mario series that are played in the three short Japanese fairy tales. The characters introduced Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach, Bowser, and his Koopalings during the fairy tales. Each fairy tale shown in anime consists of about 15 minutes. The three Japanese fairy tales contain; Momotaro, Issunboshi, and Snow White.
 Satonaka Ikkou, a 16 year old boy, is a first year trainee at the Saienji Buddhist Temple. He was sent there by his parents to be trained by his grandmother, the Saienji Priestess. At the temple he finds himself surrounded by beautiful female priestesses-in-training. Upon seeing a girl naked, Ikko has the ability to turn into a super-monk, performing massive exorcisms for the good of the temple.
 In this sequel, a girl named Kazusano Kazuki join up with the 6 girls and Ikko. With Kazuki around, Ikko will find himself in more embarassing situations with these priestesses-in-training.
 Kanie Seiya, a high school boy, is invited on a date in an amusement park by a mysterious beautiful transfer student named Sento Isuzu. He is introduced to Ratifa, a real princess and the park's manager, and is asked to be the acting manager of this "disappointing amusement park in the Tokyo suburbs".
 Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Amagi Brilliant Park.
 Amagi Brilliant Park Specials
 Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Amagi Brilliant Park.
 Hikari Kohinata is a cheerful 15-year-old girl who lives near the ocean and she spends much of her time diving as a result. On her first day of high school, she meets a teacher who also likes scuba diving. There's also a 16-year-old classmate, Futaba, who gets dragged along in Hikari's maelstrom as soon as they meet at school. Most of the manga so far details the relationship between the two girls, which quickly seems to move into romantic two girl friendship-territory.
 Second season of Amanchu!.
 An unaired episode bundled with the seventh BD volume of the Amanchu! anime series.



 2006
 Kousuke and Natsume have been friends since childhood, but as time goes on, the relationship between the two sixth graders seems strained as they keep avoiding each other.One day during the summer vacation, they visit a housing complex that is scheduled to be demolished. Having grown up there, the place holds a lot of memories, but while playing, they suddenly get caught up in a mysterious phenomenon. When they regain consciousness, they see an entire ocean before them as the housing complex has drifted into a mysterious sea with Kousuke, Natsume, and others in it. Will they be able to return to their previous world? A summer farewell journey begins...
 Kousuke and Natsume have been friends since childhood, but as time goes on, the relationship between the two sixth graders seems strained as they keep avoiding each other.One day during the summer vacation, they visit a housing complex that is scheduled to be demolished. Having grown up there, the place holds a lot of memories, but while playing, they suddenly get caught up in a mysterious phenomenon. When they regain consciousness, they see an entire ocean before them as the housing complex has drifted into a mysterious sea with Kousuke, Natsume, and others in it. Will they be able to return to their previous world? A summer farewell journey begins...
 An ordinary college student, Aoi Tokura, was having a bad day. It was so bad because he was called ugly by a good-looking guy on the train. Walking down the street in the rain, Aoi found a small, but cozy cafe, Rainy Color. He started to work part-time as he enjoyed a cup of hot chocolate he was served. Then a guy came into Rainy Color... It was Keiichi Iwase, the one who told Aoi was ugly!!??
 Ame-iro Cocoa
 Fourth Season of Ame-iro Cocoa Series.
 In the fifth season of the Ame-iro Cocoa series Youko, the daughter of the Rainy Color cafe's owner Kouji Amami, takes over as the acting manager of the cafe.
 This is the second story of "The Lion Books" series. A boy meets a lonely little umbrella ghost wearing Geta. He promises the ghost that he will give it a pair of rain boots in exchange for three wishes. The boy, however, grows up completely forgetting the promise. One day, when he happens to remember the ghost, he rushes back to that bridge in his hometown, to the Rain Boy...This is a moving, sweet hometown fantasy about a gentle ghost and a forgotten promise.
 This is the second story of "The Lion Books" series. A boy meets a lonely little umbrella ghost wearing Geta. He promises the ghost that he will give it a pair of rain boots in exchange for three wishes. The boy, however, grows up completely forgetting the promise. One day, when he happens to remember the ghost, he rushes back to that bridge in his hometown, to the Rain Boy...This is a moving, sweet hometown fantasy about a gentle ghost and a forgotten promise.
 Set in a world of fantasy and adventure, Amon is a young warrior embarking on a quest to avenge the death of his mother. When the hunt leads him ultimately to the kingdom of Valhiss, Amon enlists in the ranks of the Emperor's army in order to gain an opportunity to exact his revenge. However, a chance encounter with the Princess Lichia, being held captive by the Emperor in an effort to ransom a map away from his main rival, King Darai-Sem, Amon must decide whether to follow his path of revenge or to help rescue the Princess in an effort to save a lost kingdom.
 Fear runs rampant throughout Tokyo with the revelation that demons in fact exist amongst us. Paranoia and the darker side of humanity boils onto the streets as people turn on one another, suspecting that anyone could in fact be a demon hiding in human clothing. Amidst the growing tensions, tragedy strikes Akira causing his mind to snap, retreating into his subconscious, allowing his Devilish alter-ego Amon to break free from Akira's cage of flesh and wreak havoc on both human and demons alike.
 Fear runs rampant throughout Tokyo with the revelation that demons in fact exist amongst us. Paranoia and the darker side of humanity boils onto the streets as people turn on one another, suspecting that anyone could in fact be a demon hiding in human clothing. Amidst the growing tensions, tragedy strikes Akira causing his mind to snap, retreating into his subconscious, allowing his Devilish alter-ego Amon to break free from Akira's cage of flesh and wreak havoc on both human and demons alike.
 The story will center on a high school girl named Tamahi, who encounters strange creatures while navigating a gigantic apartment building.
 In order to find the missing friend Xiao Yuan, the protagonist, Jiang Yao, sneaked into an abandoned villa to investigate, but was caught by a mysterious black shadow by accident and almost doomed. However, this was only the beginning of his bad luck. Behind the chain of events, Jiang Yao gradually realized that he was following him as a person who "shouldn't exist". The shadowy crisis, the truth about the disappearance of his friends, the hidden organization of the dark world... Behind the bizarre incident, a conspiracy that spans a thousand years has quietly awakened, and the battle between righteous and evil is about to begin. The animation incorporates suspense, adventure, inspiration and other elements, presenting the audience a struggle story of self-improvement and positive energy.
 King Lu Guoguo was poisoned and his life was at stake. His son Lu Chen, who had been missing for 5 years, came back strong. He changed his character from the past and turned into a powerful and rich existence. I saw him effortlessly. Saving Lu Guo from Water and Fire “My Master is Super Fierce”


 In the year 2010, the Japanese radio industry is in decline. To reverse their flagging ratings, a station staffed with perennial losers makes a daring gamble
 When Konoe Moyako and her little brother, Akira, were young, he said he wanted to marry her. Naturally, Moyako decided that her little brother was a complete pervert who was obsessed with her. Now that they're both teenagers, Moyako is convinced she needs to "rehabilitate" him. However, it seems that the "perversion" is entirely in her imagination, and she can't seem to help turning completely innocent situations into creepy ones in her mind!
 In addition to the flash anime, 3 short special episodes were included on the Ane Log Fan Disc. Episodes #1
 Since the death of his parents, young Yuu has suffered considerably from neglect and abuse at the hands of his adoptive relatives, who leave him to his own resources to survive. Fortunately, a girl named Chiyo comes to his aid and offers to take care of Yuu while acting as his older sister. However, Chiyo is not what she seems, and Yuu knows all too well that her intentions are far from innocent. In exchange for her generosity, Yuu must supply Chiyo with his "life potential."
 The story of the card game follows what happens when "Hairou" portals suddenly open, fusing three different worlds together. As a result, various mysterious "Exceed" powers are awakened in teenaged girls. An academy for these so-called "Progress" girls is built on the isolated Seiran Island in the Pacific.
 Otonashi awakens only to learn he is dead. A rifle-toting girl named Yuri explains that they are in the afterlife, and Otonashi realizes the only thing he can remember about himself is his name. Yuri tells him that she leads the Shinda Sekai Sensen (Afterlife Battlefront) and wages war against a girl named Tenshi. Unable to believe Yuri's claims that Tenshi is evil, Otonashi attempts to speak with her, but the encounter doesn't go as he intended.Otonashi decides to join the SSS and battle Tenshi, but he finds himself oddly drawn to her. While trying to regain his memories and understand Tenshi, he gradually unravels the mysteries of the afterlife.
 Sometime in the future, terrorism in Japan has become commonplace, and the police have become almost as brutal as criminals. A member of the Special Security Force known as Angel, is the best of the best, stopping at nothing in her fight for justice.Things get interesting for Angel and her partner, Raiden, when they begin investigating a series of murders in which the victims were known criminals, killed in very unpleasant ways. This trio of killers known as Hunters, is a group of psychics that have banded together to hunt down the lowest scum in the city and bring them to justice.
 The plot for Tenshi no Tamago is not something that can easily be related in words. The film is largely about the presentation more than action, and understatement instead of open revelation. Existentialism abounds, heightened by the moody artwork and the dialogue, which asks more questions than it answers.Bear in mind, however, that the conflict in the plotline primarily occurs in the audience's mind, not in any sequence of actions in the film, spurred by speculation arising from one jarring impression after another. There are only two primary characters in Tenshi no Tamago
 Hamura Shou, winner of the national kendo championship, is transferred to an only boys private school. He there thinks he meets his lost younger twin brother Kai, who strongly denies this. Strange things happen at the school somehow referring to a magical world called Winfield.After re-encountering his best friend Naoto and while meeting many new friends, which each have specific abilities, he soon discovers his own inheritance and the difficult tasks ahead.
 Li Meifon is the head of a free, no expenses paid protection/security agency for escorting ships across outer space. Though only 16, she posesses great skill and leadership qualities while commanding her crew aboard their ship, the "Angel Links." However, some unpleasant memories begin to trouble her and she starts questioning her own past and reason for existence. Join Li Meifon and the rest of the Angel Links crew on their adventures through the Oracion star system as they battle pirates, government organizations, and a Tao master, all while finally uncovering Meifon's dark and mysterious past.
 Setsuna Mudo is a college freshman, just trying to get by without running afoul of his bullying seniors. It doesn't help that he's in love with his sister, Sara, who only sees him once a month. But there's more to his life than just keeping his head down.Setsuna is ambushed by mysterious beings, angels, and demons, all professing to know his true destiny. The angels say he is the reincarnation of their leader Alexiel, while the demons claim he led them to war against God himself.As Setsuna struggles with his identity in such strange times, the eternal conflict between Heaven and Hell threatens to reignite. Will he be prepared when it does?
 Goro's down on his luck. He keeps losing jobs and has little money. One day he meets a fortune-teller outside of a pet store who predicts that his luck will change. That night three girls appear in his appartment claiming to be his guardian angels. Soon a total of twelve girls appear to help him, each one a reincarnation of a deceased pet once owned by Goro.
 12-year-old Misaki Suzuhara has just gotten involved in Angelic Layer, a battling game using electronic dolls called angels. Even as a newbie, Misaki shows advanced skills as she meets new friends and enters Angelic Layer tournaments to fight the greatest Angelic Layer champions of the nation.
 12-year-old Misaki Suzuhara has just gotten involved in Angelic Layer, a battling game using electronic dolls called angels. Even as a newbie, Misaki shows advanced skills as she meets new friends and enters Angelic Layer tournaments to fight the greatest Angelic Layer champions of the nation.
 What's your brother like? To Miao, her brother Fen is someone who would tease her and make her explode 100 times a day; not a peaceful day as the two are fighting every single minute. However, when troubles come, Fen will become a caring, loving brother who protects his little sister at all cost.
 Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai! Season 2.
 Third season of Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai!.
 The fourth season of Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai.
 Fifth season of Ani ni Tsukeru Kusuri wa Nai!.
 "Move your soul and body!" Each episode contains a variety of routines, such as push-ups, sit-ups, spine twists, dance, yoga, stretches, trunk training, and taichi. Five girls aiming to become idols will exercise with you, and that troubling body fat percentage will go down by 1000%...!?
 NHK specials on parasports. The first episode covers blind soccer, with character designs by Yoichi Takahashi (from the Captain Tsubasa fame). And the second episode covers a female sprinter with a prosthetic leg, with character designs by Eisaku Kubonouchi (from the Hungry Days
 The manga centers on Kohane Hatoya, a young woman who loves to be helpful to others. After she moves from middle school to high school, she becomes fascinated with cheerleading, and she starts a cheerleading club at her high school. Joining Kohane in her cheerleading activities is the experienced Hizume and Kohane's childhood friend Uki.
 Ai is a self-reliant girl that moves to Animal Village. She makes friends with the various villagers as she settles into the village. One night as she walked along the beach, she finds a message in the bottle. It sets her off on a quest of planting pine trees around the village to fulfill a miracle on the eve of the Winter Festival.
 On the first day her family moved to their new house, 5-year-old Ami-chan made friends with three talking animals who came out of a door in her bedroom floor, which she finds out leads to Animal Yokocho, another world. The three are Issa, an overly innocent, soft-spoken panda, Kenta, a highly strung, red-scarf-loving bear who puts on an almost constant tough-guy act, and Iyo, a rabbit who usually holds her own well-being and enjoyment over the happiness (and safety) of her friends. Even at only 5 years old, Ami-chan is easily the most rational of the group, and she's a little wary at first, but she eventually comes around and starts spending her free time with them. A typical day involves Ami-chan and the three doing different things to pass the time, often playing a seemingly innocent game, but in AniYoko style. Unfortunately for Ami-chan, the AniYoko version usually turns out to be drastically different, much less logical, and usually more dangerous than the ordinary version.
 Snuggle up with this adorable series featuring Kapibarasan and their animal friends!
 After being inspired by the fictional anime, "Luis Monde III", Mikiko "Kuromi" Oguro goes to animation school and and finally lands the job of her dreams at Studio Petit. Upon arriving, she meets the head of production. Unfortunately for her, he dies soon after meeting her and passes his position unto her. Now that she's head of production of "Time Journeys", it's up to her to rally up the lazy animator's and finish the second episode in a week.
 Willy Fog accepts a bet from members of the Reform Club that he can make it around the world in 80 days. His plan, however, does not include being stopped by unknown enemies.
 The psychologist Ryou and his cheerful nurse Asuna explain many aspects of mental illness to the reader. They cover topics such as the validity, prevalence, and origins of mental disorders, in addition to addressing specific disorders. The information is imparted in a cheerful and comic manner, with various jokes, puns, and pop culture references.
 Anime Mirai project announced the four studios that will each receive 38 million yen (about US$370,000) from the "Young Animator Training Project" to make half-hour anime. Just like the last three years, the Japan Animation Creators Association (JAniCA) received money from the Japanese government's Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it will distribute most of those funds to studios who will train young animators on-the-job this year. - Harmonie - Kuro no Sumika -Chronus- - Ookii 1 Nensei to Chiisana 2 Nensei - Parol no Mirai Shima
 The anime centers on Minoa Asagaya, a new high school student in Sakaneko Private High School. Despite being a novice to anime, Minoa's classmate Arisu Kamiigusa invites her to make an "anime research club" at school. Through conversations with her classmate Miko Kouenji, as well as various anime-loving upperclassmen, Minoa gradually gets hooked on anime. While they stand against the student council's continuous efforts to disband their club, and they ignore the impending end of the world, they talk about anime, whether in Akiba, or in real-life "sacred place" anime settings, or the hot springs.
 The anime centers on Minoa Asagaya, a new high school student in Sakaneko Private High School. Despite being a novice to anime, Minoa's classmate Arisu Kamiigusa invites her to make an "anime research club" at school. Through conversations with her classmate Miko Kouenji, as well as various anime-loving upperclassmen, Minoa gradually gets hooked on anime. While they stand against the student council's continuous efforts to disband their club, and they ignore the impending end of the world, they talk about anime, whether in Akiba, or in real-life "sacred place" anime settings, or the hot springs.
 A strict retelling of the Pacific side of WW2.
 Second season of Ani Tore! EX.
 After their father quarrels with local military men, Anju and Zushio are forced to flee, but they are captured and sold into slavery. When their mother dies, they are sold to Sansho the Bailiff, a cruel man who subjects them to hideous torments.While Anju falls into a lake and is transformed into a swan, Zushio escapes and after being adopted to a nobleman grows to a young man. He will then fight to defeat the evil Dayu and free all the slaves.
 Dark Side Cat, a mysterious stray cat, dashes throughout the night city in punk clothing and plays pranks on humans he dislikes. He plays a game of cat and mouse with the city council, known as the "Stray Cat Hunt."
 A trio of diabolical dragons stirs from eons of slumber deep within the earth. Charging to the surface, they launch a bloody rampage against humanity, feasting on the weak and gaining strength from their hapless victims' souls. It will take the power of ancient god Takegami, the Guardian of Darkness, to vanquish the evil serpent forces. But alas, the mortal body Takegami inhabits belongs to a host reluctant to fight.
 A trio of diabolical dragons stirs from eons of slumber deep within the earth. Charging to the surface, they launch a bloody rampage against humanity, feasting on the weak and gaining strength from their hapless victims' souls. It will take the power of ancient god Takegami, the Guardian of Darkness, to vanquish the evil serpent forces. But alas, the mortal body Takegami inhabits belongs to a host reluctant to fight.
 The story centers around class 1-7 of Tennogofune Academy, where all the students with "bad karma" or misfortune seem to have been gathered. Hibari, a student in this class, meets the unlucky Hanako and the perennially unhealthy Botan on her first day of school, and together they try to find a way to turn their school life into a happy one.
 Special Picture Drama episode included on the Anohana Fes. Memorial DVD/Blu-ray Box
 Web shorts focusing on each of the 22/7 idols in normal everyday life.
 While testing out his camera on a bridge one summer night, Kaito Kirishima sees a blue light streaking across the sky, only to be blown off the railing seconds later. Just before succumbing to unconsciousness, a hand reaches down to grab ahold of his own. Dazed and confused, Kaito wakes up the next morning wondering how he ended up back in his own room with no apparent injuries or any recollection of the night before. As he proceeds with his normal school life, Kaito and his friends discuss what to do with his camera, finally deciding to make a film with it over their upcoming summer break. Noticing that Kaito has an interest in the new upperclassmen Ichika Takatsuki, his friend Tetsurou Ishigaki decides to invite her, as well as her friend Remon Yamano, to join them in their movie project.In what becomes one of the most entertaining and exciting summers of their lives, Kaito and his friends find that their time spent together is not just about creating a film, but something much more meaningful that will force them to confront their true feelings and each other.
 A special episode of Ano Natsu de Matteru which will be included in the Blu-ray box set, set to be released in Summer 2014.
 Special episode included in the Blu-ray Box of Ano Natsu de Matteru.
 Once, there was a group of close childhood friends. However, by the time they entered high school, they had grown apart from each other. These are
 Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae wo Bokutachi wa Mada Shiranai. Movie The story of the TV series will be retold from Menma's point of view.
 When a mysterious creature chops the moon down to a permanent crescent, the students of class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves confronted with an enormous task
 The second season of Ansatsu Kyoushitsu.
 The students return as school is back in session for the second semester. Following their exploits on the island during summer vacation, Class 3-E continues to sharpen their blades with their sights set on their teacher, the slippery Koro-sensei. They have more to worry about than just their teacher, however, as enemy assassins, both old and new, are out for the increased bounty on the octopus' head.Moreover, their rivals in Class A, as well as Kunugigaoka Junior High's fearsome principal, stand to block Class E from achieving academic excellence. With all of these obstacles opposing them, the group must continue to work together in order to overcome their foes and accomplish their goal of successfully assassinating their teacher.
 The story of the original manga begins after 70% of the moon was suddenly vaporized in an explosion. The super lifeform responsible for this catastrophe is a strange tentacled creature that can slink around at supersonic Mach 20 speeds. It has a 10 billion yen (US$100 million) price on its head, but for some reason, this creature ends up teaching a middle school class at the beginning of the school year. The students have until graduation to assassinate the teacher, or it will destroy Earth as well. The event anime special will adapt the original manga's popular segment about the field trip to ancient Kyoto.
 A compilation film of the Ansatsu Kyoushitsu TV series, featuring anime-only epilogue scenes not originally in the manga.
 The “heartwarming comedy” story poses the following premise
 Ashito Aoi is a young, aspiring soccer player from a backwater town in Japan. His hopes of getting into a high school with a good soccer club are dashed when he causes an incident during a critical match for his team, which results in their loss and elimination from the tournament. Nevertheless, he catches the eye of someone important who happened to be visiting from Tokyo. How will things turn out for Ashito?
 Ashito Aoi is a young, aspiring football player from a backwater town in Japan. His hopes of getting into a high school with a good football club are dashed when he causes an incident during a critical match for his team, which results in their loss and elimination from the tournament. Nevertheless, he catches the eye of someone important who happened to be visiting from Tokyo. How will things turn out for Ashito?
 Yoshioka Futaba used to be in love with a boy named Tanaka Kou in middle school. However, after a misunderstanding, their relationship as friends ends when he transfers schools over summer vacation. In high school, her world is turned around once more when she meets Kou again, this time under the name of Mabuchi Kou.
 Bundled with the eleventh volume of Ao Haru Ride manga by Sakisaka Io.
 The once famous and well respected scientist Zorndyke has bred a new genre of living being, one that thrives on the oceans and lives to destroy humans. Zorndyke believes it is time that the humans were relieved of their rule of the earth. It is up to Blue Submarine No. 6 and the rest of the Blue fleet to put an end to Zorndyke's madness and creations.
 The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy.
 The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy.
 Bundled with the 19th volume of the Ao no Exorcist manga.
 Feeling slighted by Rin, Kuro goes on the hunt for a new master, but can he find anyone who can truly replace Rin?
 Second season of the Ao no Exorcist series.
 The ExWire of True Cross Academy are beset with shock and fear in the aftermath of discovering that one of their own classmates, Rin Okumura, is the son of Satan. But for the moment, they have more pressing concerns than that of Rin's parentage
 Bundled with the 19th and 20th volumes of the Ao no Exorcist manga.

 2017
 Ura Ex, extra short anime included in Blu-ray and the DVD releases of Ao no Exorcist.
 In a world where flying is as simple as riding a bicycle, there is a popular sport called "Flying Circus."The protagonist once had a bright future ahead of him in that field of sports but due to an overwhelming defeat in addition to a certain other reason, he has left that field. However, he meets the transfer student Kurashina Asuka and regains his passion as he teaches her how to fly.With his situation changed, he participates once again in the Flying Circus. Just how high will he be able to fly this time with Asuka at his side?This is a love story about the two who met while soaring in the skies, and the friends surrounding them.
 With the invention of anti-gravitational shoes known as Grav-Shoes, the ability to fly freely has become an everyday experience for the people inhabiting a four-island archipelago south of Japan. This invention has brought the people new ways of living and also a new sport known as "Flying Circus," where participants gain points by either touching floating buoys or their opponent's back.The gullible and clumsy Asuka Kurashina, newly transferred to Kunahama High School, enters this world of flight unknowingly when she is able to pull off a difficult maneuver the first time she participates in a Flying Circus match. Eventually, this leads her to join her school’s Flying Circus club. Led by their coach, Masaya Hinata, their members consist of the experienced Misaki Tobisawa and her overprotective friend, Mashiro Arisaka. Ao no Kanata no Four Rhythm follows this rookie group soaring high above the skies and toward their dreams, armed only with their unwavering passion against an uncertain future.
 Hajime Aono was a prodigy violinist until he grew jaded with playing the violin due to personal reasons. Now in his third year of middle school, he struggles to decide on his academic path. One day in school, he meets Ritsuko Akine, a hotheaded novice violinist who wants to enroll in a high school with a distinguished orchestra club. When he finds himself getting closer to Ritsuko and being brought back to the world of violinists, time starts moving again for him. This is the beginning of a youthful drama where sounds and hearts alike resound in harmony.
 An animated film series based on the Ao Oni game. It will feature a new story.
 The Ao Oni ~The Animation~ television series will be a comedic take on the original story with the familiar characters drawn in super-deformed style.

 When Hotaru moves into a new apartment alone, there's a mysterious man standing nearby the apartment. Hotaru decides to confront the man, who turns out to live in the neighboring apartment. The next day at school, Hotaru's best friend Kanae tells Hotaru that a host tricked her out of her money. When Hotaru goes to confront the host, he happens to be none other than Hotaru's neighbor, Masamune?!
 7.27 Ranked #2596Popularity #657Members 148,827Summer 2015TVBrain's BaseAdd to ListEpisodes
 Unaired episode 13 of Aoharu x Kikanjuu bundled with BD/DVD volume 6.
 Unaired episode 13 of Aoharu x Kikanjuu bundled with BD/DVD volume 6.
 Story of a young boy named Kakeru and his adventures together with a magical blue pony named Blink.
 Fumi Manjoume and Akira Okudaria were close friends when they were young, but when Fumi moved away, they lost contact. Ten years later, they meet again as high school freshmen. Although they find that things between them have changed, they try to help each other through hard times, and maintaining the new lives they’ve built without growing apart.
 Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc.
 Segua Kingdom has been losing the war against Ninterdo Empire but the tables are turned by the appearance of a boy called Gear. All the characters are parodies of Nintendo or Sega games such as Sonic the Hedgehog, Super Mario Bros., The Legend of Zelda etc.
 An ocean city, Tristia. Tristia used to be prospering playing an important role of the maritime trade, and it was as beautiful as to be praised as "marine jewelry". However, that was a long time ago. The attack of the dragons deprived the city of their original brightness. The people in Tristia worked hard to reconstruct their city, but everything they did went wrong, and the city became desolated on the contrary. At the end of their hope, they asked a Great Artisan for the recovery of the city, Prospero Flanka. Prospero was a legendary inventor who had revived cities that otherwise would have been ruined. The long-awaited day came when the Great Artisan Prosper arrived in the city... However, it was only one girl who stood at the port of the city. Prospero sent his grand daughter, Nanoka, for him.
 The friendship between Hiroshi from Japan and Adel from the South Pacific island the two live on is severely tested when Adel finds out that his grandfather was killed in a battle with the Japanese army. Will Adel forget their quarrel when Hiroshi's life is in danger?
 Frankfurt Youth team (Kubo's team while he was in Germany) comes to Japan to play a series of friendly matches. Frankfurt Captain Rudy wanted to see why Kubo left Germany to form a team in Japan so he challenges Kakegawa High to a match.
 In the story, a Fleet of Fog loaded with super weapons suddenly appear all over the world. Without the ability to withstand this fleet, humanity was defeated and could no longer travel the seas. 17 years after the devastating naval war, Chihaya Gunzou and his friends somehow commandeer a Fleet of Fog submarine and rename it I-401. Together with Iona, they take on the Fleet of Fog.
 Second movie of Aoki Hagane no Arpeggio
 The first movie will be a compilation of 2013's television anime series with new story sequences, while the second movie will be an entirely brand-new work.
 The Layzner OVA serves as an alternative version of the TV series.The first episode, titled "Eiji 1996", recaps the first part of the series (episodes 01-24). The second episode ("Le Caine 1999") takes place after a time skip, and contains episodes 26 through 37 (episode 25 of the TV series, being a recap itself, is skipped here).The final episode, "Seal 2000", is an expanded version of the final episode of the TV series (38) and features new animation and a longer epilogue.
 In March 1992, Gainax had begun planning and production of an anime movie called Aoki Uru ("Blue Uru"), which was to be a sequel to Royal Space Force

 A god created AOTU World and established the 7 Oracles to rule it on behalf of this god. The poor and rich, enslaved and free, suffering and happiness, destruction and birth
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis

 Third fourth of AOTU Shijie.
 When aviation mechanic (and anime fanboy) Takuya Isurugi is transferred to the 801st Tactical Training Squadron, he gets more than he bargained for. Moderated by hard-headed veteran ace Mitsuru Konishi, the "Airbats" are an all-female aerial acrobatic team consisting of loose cannons Miyuki Haneda and Arisa Mitaka, karaoke freak and gambling genius Sakura Saginomiya, and junk food lover Yoko Shimorenjaku. Both Haneda and Mitaka do not get along with each other, and their rivalry worsens when they both fall for Isurugi. But with the entire JASDF having doubts about the team, the Airbats must work as a team or face total disbandment.
 When aviation mechanic (and anime fanboy) Takuya Isurugi is transferred to the 801st Tactical Training Squadron, he gets more than he bargained for. Moderated by hard-headed veteran ace Mitsuru Konishi, the "Airbats" are an all-female aerial acrobatic team consisting of loose cannons Miyuki Haneda and Arisa Mitaka, karaoke freak and gambling genius Sakura Saginomiya, and junk food lover Yoko Shimorenjaku. Both Haneda and Mitaka do not get along with each other, and their rivalry worsens when they both fall for Isurugi. But with the entire JASDF having doubts about the team, the Airbats must work as a team or face total disbandment.
 Apfelland is a small but beautiful country surrounded by Russia, Austria, and Germany. Vel is a boy who lives in the capital, Charlottenburg. He happens to help a girl Frid. She was kidnapped because radium mine was found in her grandfather's abandoned mine. Aiming at the radium mine, various people gather there, for example, an American who wants to make money, a Polish woman disguised like a man who wants to earn money for the revolution, and the ministry of Apfelland who plots to affiliate with Germany. Vel and Frida are involved in their plots, and they know the secret of the mine.
 During the back-end of the 19th century, the genius but socially awkward engineer Sorano Appare and the wise yet cowardly samurai Isshiki Kosame find themselves drifting in the sea between Japan and America. With no money, the duo decide to enter the Trans-America Wild Race to win the prize money so they can get home. The two encounter rivals, bandits, and challenges in the wilderness as they race through America, from the starting line in Los Angeles to the finish line in New York, in the steam-powered car they built.
 During the back-end of the 19th century, the genius but socially awkward engineer Sorano Appare and the wise yet cowardly samurai Isshiki Kosame find themselves drifting in the sea between Japan and America. With no money, the duo decide to enter the Trans-America Wild Race to win the prize money so they can get home. The two encounter rivals, bandits, and challenges in the wilderness as they race through America, from the starting line in Los Angeles to the finish line in New York, in the steam-powered car they built.
 In 2131 AD Deunan Knute has been a soldier on countless battlefields for most of her life. When the World War ends, she is transported to the city of Olympus to live peacefully and finds out that, in an effort to protect the human race from future wars, humans have created the Bioroids, a genetically enhanced race of people that have restrained feelings and therefore cannot hurt each other.She discovers, however, that not everyone is happy with this Human-Bioroid symbiosis
 Growing out of the chaos of a global war, the city of Utopia is populated by humans and bioroids (artificial humans). On the surface, everything is harmonious, but tensions lurk. Into this seemingly perfect society comes a survivor of the wars, Deunan Knute, who carries a legacy that will turn out to be of critical importance to the future of humanity.
 Appleseed takes place in the aftermath of World War III, where the General Management Control Office has constructed the experimental city known as Olympus. Built to be a paradise on Earth, Olympus is inhabited by humans, cyborgs, and bioroids (genetically engineered humans designed for increased physical capabilities and decreased emotional capabilities). Bioroids run and control all of the administrative functions of Olympus, ensuring that the city remains the utopian society it was meant to be for all of its citizens. But for some people living in Utopia, the city has become less of a home and more of a cage.Police officer Calon Mautholos has grown to despise Olympus following his wife's suicide, blaming her death on the lack of creative freedom caused by the rules binding the citizens of the city. As his hatred for the city grows, Calon conspires with the terrorist A.J. Sebastian to destroy the Legislature of the Central Management Bureau to send the rules of Olympus that killed his wife tumbling down. But when Calon discovers it is not political malcontent, but rather hatred for bioroids that motives Sebastian, Calon turns renegade and gains the attention of city officials. Deunan Knute and her partner Briareos of the ESWAT counter-terrorism unit are dispatched to hunt down and stop Calon and Sebastian... by any means necessary!
 A young female soldier Deunan and her cyborg partner Briareos survive through the post World War 3 apocalyptic New York in search of human's future hope, the legendary city of Olympus.
 Set in a different series of events, this story does not follow the previous Appleseed movie canon (despite being directed by the same director of the previous movies); it is an alternate story to their beginnings. Briareos is already a cyborg and did not become separated from Deunan to be later reunited in Olympus to join ESWAT.Appleseed Alpha depicts the early days of Deunan Knute and Briareos in the 22nd century, as they embark on a journey throughout dystopic ruins of New York in search of the city of Olympus. They are hired by Two Horns, the warlord of the ruined city, to eliminate bipedal combat machines. During the fight, they encounter Iris and Olson, both on a mission. Deunan and Briareos befriend them and decide to join their mission.Iris is tasked with preventing the malevolent cyborg Talos from capturing a secret weapon humans were building. Talos uses Iris to activate the gigantic war machine.
 After facing massive destruction from a devastating war, the city Olympus has become the last stronghold as the center of command for the world. In order to protect the city from a group of terrorists known as the Argonauts, former LAPD SWAT member, Deunan Knotts, runs special military forces consisting of Biroids (cloned humans) and her cyborg partner Brialeos. Knotts must protect the city at all costs but is met with difficulties when Al Ceides, the Argonaut leader thought to be dead, resurfaces and causes problems.
 In the wake of the destruction of a worldwide non-nuclear war, the city Olympus has become the control center of the world. Run by Bioroids (cloned humans made from only the best DNA), it is defended from terrorists by special military forces. Among these are former LAPD SWAT member Deunan Knotts and her multipurpose cyborg partner Brialeos. They face a challenge from the Human Liberation Front and its terrorist underbelly the Argonauts. The leader of this group, Al Ceides, supposedly died 20 years ago in an attack on Poseidon, but now his shadow emerges once again.
 This is a remix, theatrical release of the first half of the Appleseed XIII series.
 In the wake of the destruction of a worldwide non-nuclear war, the city Olympus has become the control center of the world. Run by Bioroids (cloned humans made from only the best DNA), it is defended from terrorists by special military forces. Among these are former LAPD SWAT member Deunan Knute and her multipurpose cyborg partner Briareos. They face a challenge from the Human Liberation Front and its terrorist underbelly the Argonauts. The leader of this group, Al Ceides, supposedly died 20 years ago in an attack on Poseidon, but now his shadow emerges once again.
 Five supernatural factions have been fighting against each other for who knows how many centuries, with the beginning of Aquarian Age always in mind. Kyouta, soon begins to see visions of mystical girls fighting, except they do exist. Soon he and his girlfriend Yoriko become involved and the battle for Earth and Aquarian Age lies in their hands.
 Five supernatural factions have been fighting against each other for who knows how many centuries, with the beginning of Aquarian Age always in mind. Kyouta, soon begins to see visions of mystical girls fighting, except they do exist. Soon he and his girlfriend Yoriko become involved and the battle for Earth and Aquarian Age lies in their hands.
 The story will take place 12,000 years after the first Aquarion television series at a city modeled after Hong Kong. A new cast of characters, piloting a new Aquarion robot, will fight enemies from another dimension.
 12,000 years after the events in Genesis Aquarion, humans live on the star Vega under constant threat of trans-dimensional beings called Abductors. These enemies originate from Vega’s sister star Altair and raid Vega for human life. As a countermeasure, an organization known as Neo-DEAVA formed to combat the Abductors. They pilot advanced mecha suits called Aquaria and are strictly separated by gender. Boys and girls are not allowed contact; they are even restrained from fighting on the same battlefield. However, events take a shocking turn when an advanced Abductor mecha suit joins the fray. Two teenagers, Mikono and Amata, are dragged into the conflict. Unknowingly, Amata performs a taboo when he summons an Aquaria and initializes what is called the Forbidden Union between male and female Aquaria. Neo-DEAVA is shocked, and the repercussions of Amata’s actions are much farther reaching than he realizes. How was he able to summon an Aquaria? Where did he learn to form a Forbidden Union? And why was Mikono also able to pilot the mecha suit?
 New Aquarion series.
 For thousands of years after its development, mankind used the written word for communication between people and generations. As millenia passed and technology became more prevalent, writing - and thus, communication as a whole - diminished, until it could only be found on cell phones and computer screens. Seeing an opportunity, the sorcerer Sogan Kenzaki starts infecting words with the Nesta Virus, which brings them to life and turns them into monsters called MJBK (Menace of Japanese with Biological Kinetic energy).To counter this attack against humanity, an organization known as DEAVA (Division of EArth Verbalism Ability) assembles a group of youths with the ability of "Verbalism". They have to pilot the vector machines, which are used to form the mechas dubbed "Aquarions". The one wild card in the situation is the self-dubbed "savior", a young man who is the direct relative of a famous calligrapher, named Akira Kaibuki.
 This movie is an alternative version of the TV series; it is composed of the two 2007 OVAs, edited to improve the pacing of the plot, and an extra segment akin to a TV episode where the cast are given the task of studying flowers.The plot has several differences to the TV series.
 Based on the famous tale from The Thousand and One Arabian Nights, this story takes place more than 1200 years ago. The story's hero is the impish Sindbad, a mischievous boy full of curiosity, who one night sneaks into the royal palace to watch the acrobatic performances and learns that a wide world awaits beyond Baghdad.Hearing of the travels of his uncle Captain Ali, Sindbad decides to become a sailor and travel around the world. Leaving behind a note to his father, young Sindbad boards Captain Ali`s ship and-accompanied by a myna called Sheila-sets out for the greatest adventure of his life.
 The girls in a high school literature club do a little icebreaker to get to know each other
 When they were little kids laughing and playing together, Izumi Norimoto and Kazusa Onodera were like siblings. But as their bodies matured into middle school, Kazusa began seeing him as something different; unfortunately for her, so did the other girls. Ostracized, Kazusa had no choice but to distance herself from him going into high school. After joining the literature club, however, she finds friends that keep her mind occupied. Known throughout the school for reading aloud sex scenes in literature novels, the club's reputation has kept all teachers from accepting the task of being their adviser.During a discussion about what they would put on their bucket list, one of the girls says one thing
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Life could be better for shy, anxious university student Rin. The apartment she has rented is hardly the sunny palace the rental listings suggested. The housing complex is rundown, grim and haunted by troubled souls lurking in dark corners. Ghastly crimes are occurring in the vicinity. And a grinning stranger makes his unsettling presence known.Beyond all this, Rin is coming to realize that something even more sinister is manifesting itself, something at the cursed crossroads of mythology, monstrosity and medical science. Determined to find out more, Rin visits the library, where she meets a sympathetic young staffer. But what she learns does not begin to put her mind at ease.
 Life in Brailsford Junction, Wisconsin, is simple and quiet for Sterling North, who spends most of his free time caring for animals. With his mother in the hospital and his brother fighting on the Western Front, the boy lives only with his father and his dog Hauser.One weekend, cutting away from his usual chores, Sterling, his friend Oscar, and Hauser head off on a fishing trip. On their way to the river, his dog catches a scent at the base of a tree. Unearthing a raccoon's nest, the two boys find an orphaned kit. A passing hunter has killed the kit's mother to make a fur hat, leaving Sterling to adopt and care for the orphaned raccoon.Torn by his fracturing family, a brother in the trenches, along with the ailing health of his mother, Sterling's bonds with life and the world around him are kept together and strengthened by life with his new friend, the "ring-tailed wonder" and scoundrel, whom he names Rascal.
 Ichinomiya Kou has always lived according to the creed of his wealthy, successful family
 Second part of AKB0048.
 A story about a goat and a wolf who become friends on a stormy night, and how they overcome differences and hardships.
 A story about a goat and a wolf who become friends on a stormy night, and how they overcome differences and hardships.
 A new anime adaptation by Sparky Animation, Duckbill Entertainment, Baku Enterprise and Bandai Visual of the book Arashi no Yoru ni (One Stormy Night...) by Kimura Yuuichi.
  Arata-naru Sekai is a mixed-media project of Iruma Hitoma. He is not only writing the novel version, but also creating the story for the manga version, scripting the anime version, and penning the lyrics for the music.The story follows a time researcher and a group of children in a depopulated world that finds itself stuck in time. In order to save humanity, some of the characters are chosen to travel to the future (depicted in the anime), and others to the past (depicted in the manga), while those who are deemed unsuitable for the technology stay in the present (depicted in the novel)
 The story follows Elk, a bounty hunter in some strange futuristic world. On this world archaic but advanced technology exists side by side with primitive attitudes, beasts and magic. In other words it's got a bit of everything. It also has an evil conspiracy who are able to produce powerful monsters called chimera, who can also appear as human. Naturally it is not long before Elk has rescued a young female beast-master and gained himself some serious enemies.
 The story follows Elk, a bounty hunter in some strange futuristic world. On this world archaic but advanced technology exists side by side with primitive attitudes, beasts and magic. In other words it's got a bit of everything. It also has an evil conspiracy who are able to produce powerful monsters called chimera, who can also appear as human. Naturally it is not long before Elk has rescued a young female beast-master and gained himself some serious enemies.
 Fubuki Sakuragasaki is a powerful gamer who, with the power of her Passion Panties, climbs up the ranks of the BAG (Best of Arcade Gamer) tournament to become the greatest Arcade Gamer in the world. However, the evil Gulasic Group is out to conquer the world through said tournament, and their gaming skills will prove to be a challenge. Fubuki must team up with the legendary Mr. Mystery to combat the four Gods of Gaming and make the world of arcade gaming safe for all.
 The trade island of Regalo is under the protection of a vigilante, mafia-like organization known as the "Arcana Famiglia". Members that rise through the ranks of the organization are gifted with supernatural powers. They forge contracts with Tarocco, tarot cards based on the Major Arcana, to gain use of these powers, enabling them to deal with all threats to the island.The story of Arcana Famiglia begins with Mondo, the leader of the organization, declaring his retirement. His successor will be determined by the Arcana Duello, a tournament between the various members possessing Arcana powers to see who is the strongest of them all. The winner of the tournament not only succeeds in becoming the head of the family and having a wish granted, but also possesses the right to marry his daughter Felicita. Not willing to accept this, Felicita decides to enter the Arcana Duello herself alongside Liberta, her friend, and Nova, her cousin, intending to win the freedom to forge her own path.
 An unaired episode of Arcana Famiglia.
 An unaired episode of Arcana Famiglia.
 Set in utopian Piltover and the oppressed underground of Zaun, the story follows the origins of two iconic League champions-and the power that will tear them apart.
 Deep in the sandy plains of the Middle Eastern kingdom of Asran, Japanese photojournalist Makoto Shinjou travels to the remote airbase Area 88 to document the activities of the mercenaries who destroy the country's enemies for a living. Among their ranks is Shin Kazama, a Japanese ace pilot who was tricked by his former best friend into signing a contract with the Asran's fighter squad. Because of this, he lost his career as an airline pilot and the chance to marry his fiancee Ryoko Tsugumo. Now, Shin has three choices in order to leave Area 88 and return to Japan
 Shin Kazama, tricked and forced into flying for the remote country of Aslan, can only escape the hell of war by earning money for shooting down enemy planes or die trying. Through the course of the series, Shin must deal with the consequences of killing and friends dying around him as tries to keep his mind on freeing himself from this nightmare.
 The story follows Daichi Meguru and Mayu, a young boy and a pilot, as they flee their war torn planet and into space. Upon their ship a stowaway android named Zero joins their quest as they travel through Halley's Mirror.
 In the year 2059, the earth has been plagued by aliens for several years. In an effort to learn more about these aliens, Dr. Noguchi and his assistants Maki Agata and Takuto Kaneshiro try to revive the professor's experiment, a large Bio-Mechanical alien named Frank. During this process the alien comes to 'life' and the lab is subsequently destroyed leaving Takuto the only survivor and the alien disappearing into the wilderness. While Frank roams the wilderness he meets Hattie, an emotionally distressed young girl whose parents are killed in the first 'close encounter' war. Oddly enough she is able to communicate with Frank and soon after they are taken into custody by a secret agency known only as 'Funeral'. Meanwhile, Takuto wakes up in a hospital bed with his life in shambles, and his face disfigured. Motivated by vengeance and heart break, Takuto accepts an offer from the mysterious 'Mr. X' and receives a new identity as a ranking Funeral officer named Ryu Soma.
 In the year 2059, the earth has been plagued by aliens for several years. In an effort to learn more about these aliens, Dr. Noguchi and his assistants Maki Agata and Takuto Kaneshiro try to revive the professor's experiment, a large Bio-Mechanical alien named Frank. During this process the alien comes to 'life' and the lab is subsequently destroyed leaving Takuto the only survivor and the alien disappearing into the wilderness. While Frank roams the wilderness he meets Hattie, an emotionally distressed young girl whose parents are killed in the first 'close encounter' war. Oddly enough she is able to communicate with Frank and soon after they are taken into custody by a secret agency known only as 'Funeral'. Meanwhile, Takuto wakes up in a hospital bed with his life in shambles, and his face disfigured. Motivated by vengeance and heart break, Takuto accepts an offer from the mysterious 'Mr. X' and receives a new identity as a ranking Funeral officer named Ryu Soma.
 The pilot Sue Harris goes to a mission on a frozen country, there she suffers an accident on the mountains and her life is in severe danger. Trying to survive on the harsh enviroment, she encounters an alien and engages in combat with it. The two beings will use all means possible to escape of that dead trap alive.
 Ren Nanahoshi is a lonely college student who isn't good at communicating with others. He remembers the thrill of watching a live band perform when he was young, and spent most of his days searching for his own identity. One day, while singing karaoke alone, two boys named Yuuto and Wataru discover Ren's singing ability. The two agree

 Drift peacefully into Neo Venezia, a city on the planet Aqua (formerly known as Mars). By the 24th century, humans have found a way to colonize the previously uninhabitable planet. As futuristic as that sounds, Neo Venezia is still teeming with rustic beauty; gondolas on wide canals and waterways are the main mode of transportation. The city itself is a faithful replication of Manhome's (the planet formerly known as Earth) Venice.To make sure that residents and tourists alike get the most from Neo Venezia's many wonders, companies offering guided tours via gondola were formed, one of which is named Aria Company.This is the workplace of Akari Mizunashi, a free spirited teenager from Manhome who is now a novice Undine (the title given to tour guides). Join Akari as she becomes intimately acquainted with other Undine, tourists, Neo Venezia's residents, and even the city itself, learning many valuable life lessons along the way, such as the wonderful truth that there are such things as manmade miracles.
 New Aria work produced for the "Ao no Curtain Call" project to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the broadcast of the first Aria TV series.
 Now that Akari Mizunashi is a Prima Undine and head of the Aria Company with her own apprentice, Ai Aino, she can't help but reminisce about her time as a Single. She has new responsibilities and much less time on her hands, but these changes bring with them new forms of miracles that Neo Venezia can give. Growing up into new roles is hard, but Akari can always count on the friends she's made on Aqua in times of need.
 The third and final installment in the Ao no Curtain Call (Blue Curtain Call) trilogy.
 The season is fall and the city of Neo-Venezia is covered in fallen leaves. Something is bothering Anya, who works at Orange Planet. Her senior colleagues Alice and Athena haven't seen each other due to their busy schedules, which is making Athena feel sad. But for some reason, Alice seems to be avoiding her altogether. With her friends Ai and Azusa's help, Anya tries to find a definitive way for Alice and Athena to get together. But during this time, Anya learns of a situation that only she can see because of where she stands.
 In a continuation of the last series, Akari Mizunashi continues her job as a gondolier along with her friends from the other two rival companies, Aika and Alice. As they continue their training to become Undines, they continue to meet new people and partake on mysterious adventures, all in the quiet, scenic, and peaceful city of Neo Venezia.
 Akari Mizunashi continues her training to become a Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier) along with her friends Aika and Alice in the peaceful city of Neo Venezia. Despite the fact that these three girls are from competing companies, they are constantly together, learning more about how to become better tour guides and more about the mysteries of Neo Venezia.As the group continues to meet interesting and unforgettable people through their daily routines, they will also come closer to the secrets that make the enigmatic and ever beautiful city of Neo Venezia so warm and alive.Welcome back to Neo Venezia
 In a continuation of the last series, Akari Mizunashi continues her job as a gondolier along with her friends from the other two rival companies, Aika and Alice. As they continue their training to become Undines, they continue to meet new people and partake on mysterious adventures, all in the quiet, scenic, and peaceful city of Neo Venezia.
 Picture Dramas bundled on the DVD volumes
 Picture Dramas bundled on the DVD volumes.
 Seventeen-year-old Hajime Nagumo is your average, everyday otaku. However, his simple life of pulling all-nighters and sleeping in school is suddenly turned upside down when he, along with the rest of his class, is summoned to a fantasy world! They're treated like heroes and tasked with the duty of saving the human race from utter extinction. But what should have been any otaku's wet dream quickly turns into Hajime's nightmare. While the rest of his class are blessed with godlike powers, Hajime's job, Synergist, only has a single transmutation skill. Ridiculed and bullied by his classmates for being weak, he soon finds himself in despair. Will he be able to survive in this dangerous world of monsters and demons with only a glorified blacksmith's level of strength?
 Seventeen-year-old Hajime Nagumo is your average, everyday otaku. However, his simple life of pulling all-nighters and sleeping in school is suddenly turned upside down when he, along with the rest of his class, is summoned to a fantasy world! They're treated like heroes and tasked with the duty of saving the human race from utter extinction. But what should have been any otaku's wet dream quickly turns into Hajime's nightmare. While the rest of his class are blessed with godlike powers, Hajime's job, Synergist, only has a single transmutation skill. Ridiculed and bullied by his classmates for being weak, he soon finds himself in despair. Will he be able to survive in this dangerous world of monsters and demons with only a glorified blacksmith's level of strength?
 Second season of Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou.
 Second season of Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou.
 Unaired episode included in the first Blu-ray volume.
 Unaired episode included in the first Blu-ray volume.



 After the capture, Hajime was worried about the farewell to Miu that would occur when the trip resumed.Hajime and his friends were talking about "The Seven Great Legends of Elysen" as a memory before they left for the trip, but all of them were missed.However, in the final seventh adventure, he encounters a mysterious giant creature and is blown into the world of a devastated city!Hajime, who started to search for the stray Mew, fulfills a miraculous encounter there.
 After the capture, Hajime was worried about the farewell to Myuu that would occur when the trip resumed.Hajime and his friends were talking about "The Seven Great Legends of Erisen" as a memory before they left for the trip, but all of them were missed.However, in the final seventh adventure, he encounters a mysterious giant creature and is blown into the world of a devastated city!Hajime, who started to search for the stray Myuu, fulfills a miraculous encounter there.
 Initially screened at the Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou -Live & Act- event on January 19, 2020. It was later released via streaming platforms on March 19, 2020.
 In Thrace, Arion is taken from his mother Demeter by the god Hades. In the Underworld, Arion is trained to be a warrior. His training is driven by revenge
 Arisa, a 16-year-old high school girl, accidentally has an extreme fighting suit that her brother invented implanted in her body. It's a slightly embarrassing suit that makes her emit an H voice when she transforms. Moreover, from that day on, Arisa is forced against her will to fight a secret society of evil."Oh, I want to tell my feelings to Matsumoto-senpai, the man of my dreams, but only when I do so, I transform into an H battle suit."
 Ark takes place on a dying alien world in which a global war between two technologically advanced human civilizations has reduced the planet to a wasteland. The only way to escape the world is by activating the Ark, an ancient giant robot capable of supporting a human city as well as traveling through space
 Summary
 In the near future, there are people with special power called Sevens. It seems like the country has maintained peace by a company called Sumeragi Group, but they are the one who captured the people with the special power by force and did inhumane experiments. Gunvolt, the main character who has the power of Sevens, used to be in Feather, a resistant group who fought against the Sumeragi Group. The story begins with meeting the heroine, Sian.
 A few years after they first met, Naomi Armitage and Ross Syllabus have started a family. Despite their normal lives, they must keep their identities a secret because many people believe that Robots do not deserve equal status with humans. Ross has an opportunity to abolish these ideas on Earth through a vote, but organizations in the shadows are working so that it doesn't happen.
 2179
 2002
 Armored Trooper Votoms Case;Irvine will follow the story of Irvine (Irvin) Lester, a repairer of the tank-like robotic Armored Trooper (AT) mecha in the VOTOMS story world.
 Votoms Finder will center around Aki Tesuno, a guard for scrap salvagers and a pilot of a robotic mecha called an At or Altro (as opposed to VOTOMS' trademark Armored Trooper mecha).
 Alternative release of Armored Trooper Votoms
 Chirico finds his beloved Fiana held hostage by Bararant in an experimental facility near Koba City, and he and his comrades have to fight their way in to save her.
 Chirico Cuvie has been assigned to a new unit, the Red Shoulder division. His selection is not an accident, as he has an ability that possibly makes him the ultimate soldier. The Red Shoulder unit is callous and merciless in their training, and will test Chirico's ability to the limit.
 Chirico Cuvie is reunited with others from the Red Shoulder unit as they pursue their revenge against Yoran Pailsen. Unknown to them, Yoran and his group have created the Perfect Soldier, Ypsilon.
 An anime with much of wheel actions ... Takaya Todoroki, a young man who wants to become a famous driver and built a car to be able to participate in a race with a big prize. In the race, because of the poor quality of building, Takaya has a serious accident in which he wrecked his car but he doesn`t hurt himself. That`s when a mysterious driver contact Takaya to enter onto some famous racing team...This mysterious man is a former driver .. a very famous one who appears every now and then to help Takaya fight his own destiny, to set him on the right track and most of all prove himself, unlike him.
 The story takes place in an age of swords, heroes, and myths. Giant beasts created the land, but then humans stole that land. This angered the beasts, who then started eating humans. In order to fight back, humans called upon the gods. The Kyojuu beasts started spreading around the world, causing great damage, but humans fought back by hunting the Kyojuu. Humanity also prospered by to using the dissected parts of the beasts.Jiiro is "a man who has escaped death," and he hunts Kyojuu to earn a living. He meets "Twenty and Second Kuumi," who is being chased by someone. Jiiro and his friends then start to uncover the secrets of this world.
 In the prosperous kingdom of Pars lies the Royal Capital of Ecbatana, a city of splendor and wonder, ruled by the undefeated and fearsome King Andragoras. Arslan is the young and curious prince of Pars who, despite his best efforts, doesn't seem to have what it takes to be a proper king like his father.At the age of 14, Arslan goes to his first battle and loses everything as the blood-soaked mist of war gives way to scorching flames, bringing him to face the demise of his once glorious kingdom. However, it is Arslan's destiny to be a ruler, and despite the trials that face him, he must now embark on a journey to reclaim his fallen kingdom.
 The year is 320. Under the rule of the belligerent king Andragoras III, the prosperous kingdom of Pars is at war with the neighboring empire, Lusitania. Though different from his father in many aspects, the kind young prince Arslan sets out to prove his valor on the battlefield for the very first time. However, when the king is betrayed by one of his most trusted officials, the Parsian army is decimated and the capital city of Ecbatana is sieged. With the army in shambles and the Lusitanians out for his head, Arslan is forced to go on the run. With a respected general by his side, the loyal Daryun, Arslan soon sets off on a journey in search of allies that will help him take back his home.However, the enemies that the prince faces are far from limited to just those occupying his kingdom. Armies of other kingdoms stand ready to conquer Ecbatana. Moreover, the mastermind behind Lusitania's victory, an enigmatic man hiding behind a silver mask, poses a dangerous threat to Arslan and his company as he possesses a secret that could jeopardize Arslan's right to succession.With the odds stacked against him, Arslan must find the strength and courage to overcome these obstacles and allies who will help him fight in the journey that will help prepare him for the day he becomes king.
 It has been announced that Hiromu Arakawa's Arslan Senki manga will bundle OVAs in the fifth and sixth volumes, to be released on May 9 and December 9 respectively. The first OVA will include an original story supervised by Hiromu Arakawa, while the content of the second OVA has not been announced yet
 Second season of Arslan Senki.
 Second season of Arslan Senki.
 Arte was born into an aristocratic family in Florence during the 16th century Renaissance era. Being female, it was unheard of for one to become an artist. Driven by her love of art, Arte is willing to cast aside her aristocratic lifestyle to become an artist.
 In the 16th century, the city of Florence booms with cultural and creative revival in celebration of the Renaissance. Arte, a delightful young lady from an aristocratic family, dreams of being an artist and contributing to the renewal of civilization. However, with her father's death, she ends up losing the only person who believed in her passion for art. Now she is expected to marry a nobleman and live as a refined housewife without disgracing her family name. Reluctant to accept her fate, the headstrong Arte steps into the streets in search of a master artisan to take her on as an apprentice.In her quest for a mentor, Arte has to face harsh reality when she is completely shunned for being a female artist. No one believes that women are capable of fine craftsmanship, and therefore none are willing to accept her. Luckily, a renowned artisan by the name of Leo is persuaded to take her as his disciple since he has none anyway. And thus, Arte's new life begins, far from the comfort of her noble upbringing. As an apprentice, she must earn her keep while tackling various challenges along the difficult path to becoming a full-fledged, master artisan.
 There was a rumour among the young people in Harajuku, Tokyo.There is a place called Ura-Harajuku somewhere in Harajuku, and it seems that there is a shop run by a witch.The witch's name is Nina. A young witch with a chameleon and a pig fulfills the secret wishes of her guests.Her method is to invite her to a mysterious space and look into the "real feelings" deep inside her heart.Customers are sometimes excited, sometimes hurt, and make their own choices to fulfill their wishes.
 After reincarnating into a dummy head microphone, the protagonist gets involved in the lives of high school girls who do ASMR. The comedic anime will follow these high schoolers as they aim for the ASMR Koshien.
 The original novel and manga adaptation focus on letters sent from deceased dogs to their former owners. The anime adaptation stars P-chan, a dog whose owner abandoned him.


 Yui Yamada, a timid girl who enjoys tending to her school's greenery, falls in love with the boyish and athletic Tomoka Kase. The two eventually begin dating, and the story follows the pair as they face various challenges in their relationship.
 Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities.
 Since childhood, Tadahiro Amatsu has two different-colored eyes - one brown and one light hazel. But because of a dark secret behind his left eye, he's become a target for the masked sorcerer Ayatara Miramune and his band of demons. To combat the demons appearing all over town, Yuzu Hieda, a priestess in training, recruits four other girls from her high school. Under the supervision of Yuzu's elder sister Kurako, the five young priestesses must undergo months of training to master their abilities.
 In 2050 Riyadh, a grandmother named Asma takes her cherished grandchildren on a whirlwind journey to the past, showcasing the heritage and history of the Arabian Peninsula through retellings of the region’s most beloved folktales. With the help of their robotic cat, Anis, the children learn that their modern-day dilemmas are no match for the words of wisdom passed from generation to generation through their grandmother’s fascinating stories.
 Suekichi goes to university and has, as any Japanese university student, time for hobbies. Things change when he attends his great grandfather's funeral and wakes the next morning in his room with a very sexy girl besides him. His great grandfather has left him a *little* inheritance but there are some conditions. Meanwhile, sexy Aya keeps hanging around and refuses to go away. The beginning of a strange relationship which revolves around suspicions and desire.
 Karada is a young girl who hates being treated like a child and who wishes to be grown up. Shoko is an aloof, unhappy young woman who has just returned from overseas. When they meet by coincidence one night at a local shrine where they both like to make wishes and both exchanged ages.
 An orphan girl receives a scholarship for a prestigious school from an anonymous benefactor who she refers to as Daddy Long Legs.
 1979
 This drama tells the story of girls in high school. Girls who love to play volleyball form a team in their school. Although the team starts out as a weak and unorganized sport club, over time the girls’ extraordinary passion and endeavor enables their team to become one of the best organized and highly recognized teams at the school. Now they aim to win the championship in the National High School Volleyball League. Although it is painful and hard to achieve such a goal, it is nice to have friends to share the feeling, especially the joy. Through volleyball, the girls learn and experience many lessons in life as they grow up. Let’s share their laughter.
 Shun Godai is a young boy who likes soccer. But his grandfather, a successful businessman, want his grandson to follow his path...
 A boy from the farm with amazing running speed is asked to join a newly formed national soccer team and discovers a natural talent for the game. The movie is inspired by Japan's hosting of the world soccer championships that year.
 A continuation of the previous seres, Ashita no Joe. After accidently killing his rival in a boxing match sixmonths ago, Joe, a boxer, steps into the ring once again to pick up the pieces of his past and regain his former glory.
 Pilot episodes.
 This story takes place about one hundred years ago. Nadja is a bright, cheerful girl who was raised in an orphanage near London, England. Nadja was entrusted to the orphanage when she was a baby. So she thought her father and mother were dead. But before her thirteenth birthday, she found out that her mother might be alive..Nadja sets out on a journey to find her mother! With all of Europe as the stage, Nadja's exciting adventure begins!
 Shin has shut his heart ever since his mother died when he was young. His childhood friend Kotori has been looking after him ever since. Now that they are in the third year of high school, and it seems like they can finally move forward, another Shin from another Japan has suddenly appeared in front of them.


 Hanako, an athletically proficient, yet thick-headed student with a weird fashion sense, plays a game with the American transfer student Olivia. However, their vigor irritated their classmate Kasuki who dislikes playing games since she has always been teased by her sister for being bad at them. With a turn of events, it was found out that Hanako is terrible at English. Thus, she asked her foreign classmate Olivia to help her, but Olivia, who is only born and raised in Japan with foreign parents, can't actually speak English at all! Watch over these three girls' surreal school-life comedy.
 Included with seventh volume of the Asobi Asobase manga.
 Included with the third and fourth volumes of the Asobi Asobase Blu-ray and DVD releases.
 The story centers around Kio Kakazu , a high school freshman living in Okinawa. During a memorial service for one of his family ancestors.A mysterious girl with cat ears appears before him indroducing herself as Eris and claiming that she is an alien. However She be more troubling than he first realizes
 Kio is just another boring, nice guy with a boring, nice life until he meets a beautiful, curvaceous cat-girl while attending a memorial service for one of his ancestors. Next thing he knows, he's lying in bed with this half-naked beauty next to him! Her name is Eris, and she has come to Earth to learn more about its inhabitants as a representative of the planet Catian. And she's decided to set up shop at Kio's home for her stay on Earth!Unbeknownst to Kio, there are quite a few organizations who will attempt to capture Eris, looking to keep her existence a secret by any means necessary. What's worse is when people around Kio turn out to secretly be a part of those organizations! Kio will have to work hard to keep Eris safe from these shady groups. Things are about to get mysterious, exciting, and most importantly sexy in Asobi ni Iku yo!
 It is already summer and the Catians decide to study the games on Earth. To make things more interesting, Manami suggests that each participant should wage a precious item and whenever a person wins a round they may choose one of these items as a reward. While Aoi and Manami covet a special item waged by Kio, their priorities change when they are risking to let a DVD with embarrassing scenes of both go in the wrong hands.
 Catian Eris is now on a mission to learn about Earth games and how they are played, but she seems to think that bets have to be placed every time. And while some bets are material items, eventually the Catians learn about betting items of clothing...
 Four years into the future, the world has lost its balance...10 thousand metres of vast woodland is gone, preventing humans to live and leaving a desert to spread endlessly. And so, they head into the world of Meshichi, to live together with the Anbots.As if guided by fate, Sanzou and Gokyuu meet. Traveling together, Sanzou - a young man shrouded in mystery, Gokyuu - the strongest and worst Anbot around, Tongoh - an Anbot fond of drinking, Jou - someone who is great with machines, Suuji - a female Anbot thief, and last but not least, Mioto. And so, their journey begins to the boundless East, to the land where the sun was born!
 In the near future, humanity faces imminent destruction from mysterious creatures known as "Huge." The world wages war against the Huge, and develops the anti-weapon "CHARM" (Counter Huge Arms) by combining science and magic. CHARM works more effectively when used by teenage girls, and those who use the weapons are revered as "Lilies." The Lilies are trained at military academies called "Gardens," which also serve as bases to protect and advise people. This is a story about girls who aim to become Lilies so they can protect Earth.
 In the near future, humanity faces imminent destruction from mysterious creatures known as "Huge." The world wages war against the Huge, and develops the anti-weapon "CHARM" (Counter Huge Arms) by combining science and magic. CHARM works more effectively when used by teenage girls, and those who use the weapons are revered as "Lilies." The Lilies are trained at military academies called "Gardens," which also serve as bases to protect and advise people. This is a story about girls who aim to become Lilies so they can protect Earth.
 Mini animation for Assault Lily, animated by Shaft.
 A criminal group known as Demon Seed terrorizes Tokyo with its vast armies of mecha. The local police is afraid to confront them, but one person stands in their way
 A criminal group known as Demon Seed terrorizes Tokyo with its vast armies of mecha. The local police is afraid to confront them, but one person stands in their way
 Naoya is taken to a magical land where his is to enter succubus Princess Lotte’s harem.Due to trauma during her childhood, she dislikes men and surrounds herself with women. Let’s watch the lives of these individuals unfold.
 Naoya is taken to a magical land where his is to enter succubus Princess Lotte’s harem. Due to trauma during her childhood, she dislikes men andsurrounds herself with women. Let’s watch the lives of these individuals unfold.
 Atom is created by Dr. Tenma as a replacement for his human son Tobio following the boy's death in a car accident. Despite his best of intentions, Tenma soon becomes frustrated that Atom never grows any taller and continues to make mistakes as he learns to harness his robot powers. In a moment of mental weakness, Tenma sells Atom to the owner of the Robot Circus, but is soon rescued by the newly appointed head of the Ministry of Science, the kindly Dr. Ochanomizu.In the adventures to come, Atom proves himself time and again, helping with rogue robots, desperate criminals, missions to other planets and even finding time to attend school.Along the way he is helped by his teacher, Shunsaku "Higeoyaji" Ban, his friends, his sister Uran and the rest of his robot family.
 Set in a future where machines have advanced to the point of autonomy and become a point of major contention in the political and social realms, Astro Boy (1980) chronicles the struggles of a crime-fighting young robot named Atom. Created in the image of his enigmatic inventor's deceased son, Atom survives rough beginnings, getting saved and adopted by the benevolent Dr. Ochanomizu. In his pursuit of justice, Atom finds himself in the midst of numerous clashes with various factions, and is often faced with the harsh realities of the world.
 Astro is a robotic boy that posses super human powers and an artificial intelligence system that is unparalleled to any robot. His creator, Dr. Tenma, created him to replace his late son, Tovio. Dr. Tenma soon destroys his laboratory, after the creation of Astro, and shuts down Astro. Soon after, Dr. O'Shay, the head of the Ministry of Science revives Astro, and tries to give him a normal life as a 6th grade student that helps the police agency keep renegade robots and bigot humans from causing harm. Astro faces extreme racism for being a robot, and he must discover the truth about his creator Dr. Tenma.
 Astro is a robotic boy that posses super human powers and an artificial intelligence system that is unparalleled to any robot. His creator, Dr. Tenma, created him to replace his late son, Tovio. Dr. Tenma soon destroys his laboratory, after the creation of Astro, and shuts down Astro. Soon after, Dr. O'Shay, the head of the Ministry of Science revives Astro, and tries to give him a normal life as a 6th grade student that helps the police agency keep renegade robots and bigot humans from causing harm. Astro faces extreme racism for being a robot, and he must discover the truth about his creator Dr. Tenma.
 An alien woman named Maya crash-lands on Earth. Her homeworld was destroyed by the Blasters, a cruel alien race who steals the natural resources from other planets. She falls in love with a scientist and gives birth to a human boy named Kentaro. When the Blasters invade the Earth, Kentaro must defeat them by fighting with Astroganger, a robot made from living metal.
 Yoichi Karasuma is a young samurai who spent all his life training martial arts on a mountain in Japan.
 2009
 * Based on a manga by George Akiyama, serialised in Weekly Shounen Magazine.In 15th century Kyoto, at the foot of a wrecked shrine, a beast is born in fire and destruction. Plunged into an age of war, chaos and starvation, and taught to eat human flesh to survive by the madwoman who gave birth to him, he is a bestial cannibal child, called Asura, for the warlike Buddhist spirit, or anti-god.Orphaned as an infant after his mother tries to eat him alive, Asura grows to become a pint-sized murder machine, killing and eating everything in his path, until he meets a beautiful village girl, Wakasa. Wakasa nurses him back to health, teaches him to speak, and works to turn him away from the path of barbarism. But times are hard, and as disease and starvation bear down on Wakasa's village, Asura reverts to his animalistic mindset. But he can't help remembering the words of the Buddhist monk who tamed him once before, and the sacred, purifying sutra chant he was once taught.
 Tomo was a school kid with just one problem
 Following the first season, Tomoharu is now faced with a dilemma
 The story depicts the lazy, unhealthy daily life of Kawajiri, who loves alcohol and anything greasy, salty, or sweet.
 Milo and Kida reunite with their friends to investigate strange occurances around the world that seem to have links to the secrets of Atlantis.
 A young adventurer named Milo Thatch joins an intrepid group of explorers to find the mysterious lost continent of Atlantis.
 Japan in the near future suffers an unexplained major disaster. Five years later, reconstruction is well underway. Two young researchers at a university are pinning all their hopes on robot development. Now their new interpretation of the eternal hero Astro Boy up until his birth is just about to start!
 Kozue is a highschool girl and enthusiastic volleyball player. Her dream is to play in the Japanese national volleyball team. During the series she makes it from the school district league up to the Japanese volleyball finals, step by step till the international volleyball championship. But the faster and higher Kozue climbs the career ladder up, the more she gets confronted with the dark side of success
 Kozue is a high school girl and an enthusiastic volleyball player. Her dream is to play on the Japanese national volleyball team. Over the course of the series she makes it from the school district league up to the Japanese volleyball finals, step by step until the international volleyball championship. But the faster and higher Kozue climbs, the more she is confronted with the dark side of success
 Attack No.1 Movie 4.


 Attacker You! is the story of ambitious and energetic 13-year-old junior high schoolgirl You Hazuki (variously known as "Mila," "Jeanne" or "Juana" in Western dubbed versions of the anime), who moves to Tokyo from Osaka to live with her father Toshihiko, a cameraman recently returned from Peru, and attend school. You's mother is not in the picture, having left when You was very young. Also living with You and her father is her younger brother Sunny, who is very attached to his older sister and tends to follow her everywhere she goes, including to school and to her volleyball matches. You is also curious about Kyushi Tajima, the pretty blonde woman whom she sees covering volleyball games on television, and about why her father becomes very angry whenever You mentions her.You is passionate about volleyball and dreams of one day being a part of Japan's national women's volleyball team in the 1988 Seoul Olympics. She joins her school's girls' volleyball team and quickly becomes one of the top players, although her coach (who is also her homeroom teacher) is brutal and literally slaps his players around when they don't live up to his expectations. You begins a tumultuous friendship with former school volleyball champ and former arch-rival Nami Hayase (French name
 Katara and Sokka (a brother and sister) discover the Avatar (a 12-year-old Airbender boy named Aang) frozen in an iceberg. Together the three begin their journey to the North Pole to find a master Waterbender so Aang can begin his Avatar training!
 Katara and Sokka (a brother and sister) discover the Avatar (a 12-year-old Airbender boy named Aang) frozen in an iceberg. Together the three begin their journey to the North Pole to find a master Waterbender so Aang can begin his Avatar training!
 Aang, along with Katara, Sokka, and their animal friends Appa and Momo, continues on his quest to fulfill his destiny. According to the Avatar cycle, the group must now enter the Earth Kingdom to search for a master Earthbender to teach Aang.
 Aang, along with Katara, Sokka, and their animal friends Appa and Momo, continues on his quest to fulfill his destiny. According to the Avatar cycle, the group must now enter the Earth Kingdom to search for a master Earthbender to teach Aang.
 Fire promises to be the most exciting season yet! Aang wakes up from his battle with Azula to discover that Ba Sing Se has fallen and the world thinks he's dead. So he and his friends set off undercover to find Firelord Ozai before the Day of Black Sun.
 Fire promises to be the most exciting season yet! Aang wakes up from his battle with Azula to discover that Ba Sing Se has fallen and the world thinks he's dead. So he and his friends set off undercover to find Firelord Ozai before the Day of Black Sun.
 The new series will take place seventy years after the end of the Avatar
 Team Avatar travels to the Southern Water Tribe, as well as being visited by many spirits and explores the origin of the Avatar line.
 Book Three
 The new series will take place seventy years after the end of the Avatar
 Mars has been colonized and is a world where children have been replaced by robot servants known as "dolls." Layla is a skilled fighter with a tragic past who travels about the world. Her companions are Nei, a strange and unique doll with some unknown ties to Layla, and Speedy, who is a doll breeder. The founders of Mars see the trio as a threat to their world, and each time they attack Layla and Nei a bit more of their mysterious past and future is revealed.
 After interfering with a top secret mission, the Punisher is taken into custody by S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent and Avenger, Black Widow. At the orders of Director Nick Fury, Punisher and Black Widow are sent on a mission to stop Leviathan, a global terrorist organization that plans to sell stolen S.H.I.E.L.D. technology to the highest bidder. Now, the vigilante and spy must work together to prevent this technology from falling into the wrong hands. The fate of the world, and of the Avengers, hangs in the balance. The Japan Blu-ray/DVD release date is September 3rd, 2014.
 A long, long time ago, there was a prestigious school called "Ryuuguu Elementary School" that produced many masterpiece characters. One day, an ordinary boy named Meisaku Matsuda enrolled at the school. Little did he know that the place for learning was filled with crazy characters like Sweets, the energetic idiot; Musubi, a rice ball who gets angry when called "onigiri"; Nokio, a narcissistic self-proclaimed robot; and Bolt, who's clearly faster than a rabbit. Surrounded by such unique characters, will Meisaku be able to graduate as a splendid masterpiece character?

 Cyress is a peaceful place. People are going about their lives. Two lovers embrace, a family throws a birthday party for their child, a group of people party at a local restaurant. But suddenly, their surroundings explode into smoke and flame. A group of terrorists has snuck through the planetary defenses and has begun an assault. Defenseless, there is little the people of Cyress can do. As the military scrambles to discover what happened, the terrorists manage to hijack seven PDP missiles, which are capable of destroying an entire planet. These terrorists, who call themselves "Solomon" can now hold entire planets hostage! They must not be stopped.
 https
 Yanagi Yukito is an orphan who one day encounters an eccentric disciple of his father's. The strange man takes him to his birthplace on Ayakajima, made up of seven islands where mysterious beings called "Mitama" and dragons are rumored to reside. There, Yukito meets his father's two other disciples, who protect the harmony of Ayakajima... which soon threatens to collapse.
 A collection of three classic Japanese horror stories
 A collection of three classic Japanese horror stories
 Ayane is a high school student focused on one thing, becoming a pro wrestler. A trainer tricks her into becoming a Kick Boxer, the sport she hates. She keeps with it though once she finds out.
 Ayane is a high school student focused on one thing, becoming a pro wrestler. A trainer tricks her into becoming a Kick Boxer, the sport she hates. She keeps with it though once she finds out.
 OVA set six months after the end of Tenpou Ibun Ayakashi Ayashi.
 this transformation happens quite frequently. With protector Yuuhi by her side, it is up to Aya to control Ceres and keep her from coming back, but her relationship with an ex-worker for her evil grandpa may be a distraction.
 Ceres was a tennyo (Celestial maiden) who came down from the heavens to bathe in a stream. She hung her hagoromo (robe) on a tree nearby, which was her key to returning to the heavens. But the robe was stolen and the man who had stolen it forced her to become his wife, thus producing a family full of human and tennyo blood mixed.Now, in modern day time, Aya Mikage is a descendent of Ceres, and has quite an amount of tennyo blood. On her 16th birthday, she and her twin brother, Aki, are thrown a party. At the "party," Aya's grandpa plans to kill her, for she has tennyo powers unlike the rest of the family, and can actually become Ceres herself and destroy the Mikage family. Aya, however, can switch back, so this transformation happens quite frequently.With protector Yuuhi by her side, it is up to Aya to control Ceres and keep her from coming back, but her relationship with an ex-worker for her evil grandpa may be a distraction.
 Azusa Noyama is a 12-year-old girl student, taking 5th grade, but everyone knows her as Azuki-Chan, nickname that she dislikes. Yuunosuke Ogasawara, a new student, asks her about her nickname, saying that he likes it. Azuki falls in love with him, and they start going out together. They share a diary, and become boyfriend and girlfriend.
 Azumanga Daioh chronicles everyday life in an unnamed Japanese high school in Tokyo, following the trials and triumphs of six girls
 In this short movie featuring familiar characters from Azumanga Daioh, Osaka is yet again having a strange dream of Chiyo-Chan's pigtails being posessed. As Chiyo-Chan's pigtails bounce out of the window, who knows if young Chiyo will ever be happy again.
 In this short movie featuring familiar characters from Azumanga Daioh, Osaka is yet again having a strange dream of Chiyo-Chan's pigtails being posessed. As Chiyo-Chan's pigtails bounce out of the window, who knows if young Chiyo will ever be happy again.
 Grotesque, strong enemy called Siren has suddenly appeared from the sea. In order to fight against them, a group of army Azure Lane has formed. They were successful in stopping the attack from Siren for a moment using warships, the different ideals from the people who formed it has shown. The story is about girls fight the strong enemies that they never face while dealing with the trouble in each camp.
 Grotesque, strong enemy called Siren has suddenly appeared from the sea. In order to fight against them, a group of army Azure Lane has formed. They were successful in stopping the attack from Siren for a moment using warships, the different ideals from the people who formed it has shown. The story is about girls fight the strong enemies that they never face while dealing with the trouble in each camp.
 Animation of the Azur Lane 4-koma manga.
 Javelin, Z23, Laffey, and Ayanami help Sirius practice as a maid for an upcoming party, while South Dakota and Massachusetts practice the piano.
 Second season of BanG Dream! series.
 Third season of BanG Dream! series.
 A two-episode animation commemorating the 5th anniversary of 'BanG Dream! Girls Band Party!'

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis

 Mini anime series featuring the girls from Girls Band Party!
 The third season of the mini series starring the girls of BanG Dream!
 The second season of the mini series starring the girls of BanG Dream!
 Two special episodes featuring a violin rock band, Morfonica.
 To reach the stage of "FES.", Yukina Minato decides to form a band. Each holding their own convictions, the members of the band come together. The five girls now begin their journey to the top as Roselia... This is the story of their "promise" made to each other, from the start of the band to their challenge towards FUTURE WORLD FES!

 After performing at the Budokan Live, the stage of their dreams, a mysterious woman appears before Kasumi and the others.Poppin'Party's next stage will be... overseas?!
 Unaired episode included with the 7th BD volume of BanG Dream!
 A Nico Live broadcast of BanG Dream! franchise on Monday has announced a spin-off anime featuring one of the units in the franchise, Pastel*Palettes.
 Ryuunosuke Natsume is the son of genius inventor Kyusaku Natsume and overbearing Akiko Natsume, CEO of Mishima Heavy Industries. Using funds from his wife's company and the brain from his son's beloved cat, Kyusaku creates a revolutionary android called Atsuko “Nuku Nuku” Natsume. To Kyusaku's disgust, Akiko wants to use her husband’s technology to create weaponized robots for her company's customers, resulting in Ryuunosuke getting caught within the explosive fights between his parentsThe android Nuku Nuku tries to live as a normal high school student, adopting the role of Ryuunosuke’s elder sister, but usually ends up acting as her family’s protector. Nuku Nuku will do anything to protect the ones she loves.
 Each episode centers on Nuku Nuku's adventures and mishaps in high school, and her relationship to students, the overall series plot centers on the evil Mishima Industries' scheme to dominate the world through its products. In opposition to this plan are the slightly nutty Kyuusaku Natsume and Nuku Nuku, the android who acts as a companion to his young son. Nuku Nuku's classmates are all eccentrics, Futaba, the class president, is a domineering control-freak, who cannot leave her authority in school. Chieko Shirakaba is the rich snob with the two yes-girls who always take her side. There is a bookworm, a mystic, a scientist, and a pop singer. All of these are true to their descriptions
 Ryuunosuke Natsume is the son of genius inventor Kyusaku Natsume and overbearing Akiko Natsume, CEO of Mishima Heavy Industries. Using funds from his wife's company and the brain from his son's beloved cat, Kyusaku creates a revolutionary android called Atsuko “Nuku Nuku” Natsume. To Kyusaku's disgust, Akiko wants to use her husband’s technology to create weaponized robots for her company's customers, resulting in Ryuunosuke getting caught within the explosive fights between his parentsThe android Nuku Nuku tries to live as a normal high school student, adopting the role of Ryuunosuke’s elder sister, but usually ends up acting as her family’s protector. Nuku Nuku will do anything to protect the ones she loves.
 It's in the not too distant future. One day Nuku-Nuku dropped in and began to live with the Natsume family. Having lost her memory, Nuku-Nuku assumed the identity of a beautiful girl named Atsuko Higuchi. She was so beautiful and gentle, and besides, she was such a great cook that Ryunosuke, 14, was all smiles. However, after her arrival in town, a series of mysterious incidents started to happen in Maneki City - Experimental machines running haywire, roaring fighter aircraft flying low, mass destruction in the city. In every case, a mysterious girl was spotted at the scene of the incident.
 Special episodes that take place between episodes 10 & 11 of the TV series.
 An innocent young man, Ikuroo, has a parasite known as Baoh implanted in his brain by an evil organization, Doress. The parasite makes him nearly immortal and gives him the ability to transform into a really powerful beastie when he's in trouble.Doress intends to use him in some sort of ploy for financial success, world domination, or something along those lines, but when they're transporting him on a train, a young psychic girl, Sumire (who's being held by the organization due to her abilities), sets him free and the two escape together.Of course, Dr. Kasuminome is the mad scientist behind the whole Baoh thing, and he isn't about to let his test subject get away and he has considerable resources (including some superpowered lackeys, as well as a small army) at his disposal.
 An innocent young man, Ikuroo, has a parasite known as Baoh implanted in his brain by an evil organization, Doress. The parasite makes him nearly immortal and gives him the ability to transform into a really powerful beastie when he's in trouble.Doress intends to use him in some sort of ploy for financial success, world domination, or something along those lines, but when they're transporting him on a train, a young psychic girl, Sumire (who's being held by the organization due to her abilities), sets him free and the two escape together.Of course, Dr. Kasuminome is the mad scientist behind the whole Baoh thing, and he isn't about to let his test subject get away and he has considerable resources (including some superpowered lackeys, as well as a small army) at his disposal.
 The anime adapts artist Daisuke Kimura's four-panel manga of the same name, the story centers on vegetables that children hate, everyone hesitates to eat, and are smelly. The series follows these vegetables as they visit a bar to share drinks together while they talk about their worries.
 Calligrapher Seishuu Handa moves to the remote Gotou Islands off the western coast of Kyushu, interacting with various people of the island.
 Seishuu Handa is an up-and-coming calligrapher
 Short specials for Barakamon, airing on the official YouTube channel before every regular episode.
 The crown of England has been hotly contested throughout history, and in the Middle Ages, a series of great civil wars became known as the War of the Roses. Claiming a right to the throne, the Duke of York seeks to unseat King Henry VI and his heir in order to become king himself.On a dark day filled with many ill omens, the Duke gains a son
 The crown of England has been hotly contested throughout history, and in the Middle Ages, a series of great civil wars became known as the War of the Roses. Claiming a right to the throne, the Duke of York seeks to unseat King Henry VI and his heir in order to become king himself.On a dark day filled with many ill omens, the Duke gains a son
 The film is about 4 high-schoolers who are bike racers and illegally partake in races at night on public roads.
 Takeshi Kido and Kentaro Shiratori are a pair of friends who have been together for almost their entire life. One night, a strange being comes out from the lake and starts attacking them. When Takeshi and Kentaro are almost eliminated, a strange being named Kopu calls them and tells them that they are the chosen ones to inherit the power to protect the world from an evil being named Goumon. Now, they join their hands to transform into Barom One, a being with superior skills, who will fight to protect the city.
 Hidden in the backstreets of the Ginza district is Eden Hall, a lone bar operated by Ryuu Sasakura, the prodigy bartender who is said to mix the most incredible cocktails anyone has ever tasted. However, not just anyone can find Eden Hall; rather, it is Eden Hall that must find you. Customers of varying backgrounds, each plagued with their own troubles, wander into this bar. Nevertheless, Ryuu always knows the ideal cocktail to console and guide each distraught soul.
 Hidden in the backstreets of the Ginza district is Eden Hall, a lone bar operated by Ryuu Sasakura, the prodigy bartender who is said to mix the most incredible cocktails anyone has ever tasted. However, not just anyone can find Eden Hall; rather, it is Eden Hall that must find you. Customers of varying backgrounds, each plagued with their own troubles, wander into this bar. Nevertheless, Ryuu always knows the ideal cocktail to console and guide each distraught soul.
 The year is 1614 AD. Two warring ninja clans, each supporting a son of Hidetada Tokugawa as the next shogun, send ten representatives each to fight to the death for the possession of a scroll. The prize
 The year is 1614 AD. Two warring ninja clans, each supporting a son of Hidetada Tokugawa as the next shogun, send ten representatives each to fight to the death for the possession of a scroll. The prize
 The story is set 10 years after Basilisk
 The story is set 10 years after Basilisk
 Several hundred years after Anthrasax destroyed modern civilization, a group of four lords plans to set this old god free once again. To prevent this from happening, a former ally of the four is released from his 15 year imprisonment. Dark Schneider, a sorcerer who once tried to conquer the world, now fights to save it.
 The characters in BASTARD!! have forsaken technology and have traded it in for magic and the occult arts. The story revolves around a group of five magicians who set out to rebuild their world after a rampaging God destroys it and tips it into chaos. Driven by their leader Dark Schneider, Gara, Arshes Nei, Abigail and Kall Su set out to conquer kingdoms in the hope of rebuilding them into utopias, with each of the magicians having their own personal agenda in doing so. However, Dark Schneider`s often reckless manner and short temper leads him to wreak havoc where ever he goes. He is trapped by a group of clerics in a baby boy, leaving the four without a leader.Fifteen years later, the four still continue their quest but their motives have changed to despotic world domination, and it is up to Dark Schneider to show them the "error of their ways", when he is freed by the clerics who once imprisoned him, so that he may defend them against his former comrades. It has now become Dark Schneider`s responsibility to track down each one of his companions and set them on the right path again, but what seems to be the once reckless and amoral Dark Schneider has changed over his fifteen year imprisonment within the boy, Luche Len Len.
 Second half of Bastard!!
 Second half of Bastard!!
 Second season of Bastard!! Ankoku no Hakaishin (ONA).
 The story takes place in the year 2097 and in the city of Xenon. An ultimate cyber game, where players fight as bio-mechanical cyber robots, has been developed. However, there's something wrong. The game's cyberspace and the real world are linked. The damage that occurs in the game's cyberspace creates destruction in the city of Xenon. This all started when players heard a painful scream, saw a ghostly face, and a powerful scent of lemon overcame them. To solve this mystery, the creator of the game assembles a "Dream Team," which is the top three gamers in all of Xenon. The team is composed of rebellious and arrogant teens, who, have to overcome their attitudes and fears to find the answers, answers to the mystery that are much bigger than just the game.
 When Mr. Freeze, desperate to save his dying wife, kidnaps Barbara Gordon (Batgirl) as an involuntary organ donor, Batman and Robin must find her before the operation can begin.
 Batman and Nightwing are forced to team with the Joker's sometimes-girlfriend Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and Jason Woodrue| the Floronic Man.
 BATMAN BEYOND it is the year 2039 it’s been 40 years since bruce wayne retired from being the dark knight. Now he is to weak and old to continue the fight against crime so now it’s up to the new Batman to bring justice back to the streets of Gotham.
 since bruce wayne retired from being the dark knight. Now he is to weak and old to continue the fight against crime so now it’s up to the new Batman to bring justice back to the streets of Gotham.
 BATMAN BEYOND it is the year 2039 it's been 40 years since bruce wayne retired from being the dark knight. Now he is to weak and old to continue the fight against crime so now it's up to the new Batman to bring justice back to the streets of Gotham
 Batman Beyond, also known as Batman of the Future, is an Emmy Award-winning American animated television series created by The WB Television Network in collaboration with DC Comics and Warner Bros. Animation as a continuation of the Batman legacy.[1] Depicting the teenager Terry McGinnis as a new Batman in a futuristic Gotham City under the tutelage of an elderly Bruce Wayne, the series began airing on January 10, 1999, and ended its run on May 18, 2002. After 52 episodes spanning three seasons and one direct-to-video film, the series was put on hold for the new Justice League animated series despite the network having announced plans for a fourth season.[2] However, there was a short-lived spin-off, The Zeta Project. In The Zeta Project’s first season episode “Shadows”, there is a crossover with Batman Beyond; in this continuity, the story takes place between the episode “Countdown” and the series finale “Unmasked.” The continuity of Batman Beyond has made various crossovers into comic books published by DC Comics, including an ongoing series beginning in 2011.
 An updated animated series centering on the Caped Crusader himself as he partners and deals with his fellow superheroes in the DC Comics universe.
 Batman is wrongly implicated in a series of murders of mob bosses actually done by a new vigilante assassin.
 The Dark Knight must contend with a mysterious female vigilante who emulates him, but to a more ruthless degree.
 The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
 The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
 An updated animated series centering on the Caped Crusader himself as he partners and deals with his fellow superheroes in the DC Comics universe.
 Summary
 It is the year 4999 - mankind has long abandoned war in favor of intergalactic competition through athletic events. One of which is an all-female contest for the coveted "Cosmo Beauty" title. Akari Kanzaki has just entered the University Satellite in hopes of becoming the latest Cosmic Beauty - a title held by her mother long ago. On her first few days in the university, she meets new friends, encounters fierce rivals, and struggles to become the best of all the Battle Athletes.
 Akari Kanzaki has just joined an all-girls academy in hopes of entering the University Satellite, an elite sports training facility. She wants to win the title of Cosmo Beauty - a title held years ago by her mother. It's not an easy task for her as fear, doubt and peer pressure get in her way, but friends, rivals and fans slowly encourage her to overcome her obstacles and become the best of the Battle Athletes.
 It is the year 4999 - mankind has long abandoned war in favor of intergalactic competition through athletic events. One of which is an all-female contest for the coveted "Cosmo Beauty" title. Akari Kanzaki has just entered the University Satellite in hopes of becoming the latest Cosmic Beauty - a title held by her mother long ago. On her first few days in the university, she meets new friends, encounters fierce rivals, and struggles to become the best of all the Battle Athletes.
 Akari Kanzaki has just joined an all-girls academy in hopes of entering the University Satellite, an elite sports training facility. She wants to win the title of Cosmo Beauty - a title held years ago by her mother. It's not an easy task for her as fear, doubt and peer pressure get in her way, but friends, rivals and fans slowly encourage her to overcome her obstacles and become the best of the Battle Athletes.
 Raised by cats until he was five, Yamato Delgato's only dream was to play B'Daman-the official sport of the B'DaWorld. However, his dream comes true when he's chosen to wield the most powerful B'Daman ever; the legendary Cobalt Blade. Only he has skills to harness its power. This is his journey into the world of B'Daman as he learns valuable lessons and also tries to save the B'DaWorld from the evil clutches of the Shadow Alliance.
 Mansi and her friend Joana exchanged their identities due to a car accident. Unfortunately, Mansi fell into Roberto’s hands and was intimidated by that man. Worse still, Joana wanted to steal her husband Louis. Mansi simply could not accept it. Can she get out of trouble and return with her love?
 Based on COLOPL's school action role-playing game. Set in the year 2045. The world has been contaminated by Irousu (mysterious invaders who suddenly appeared), and humans find themselves restricted and contained. Standing boldly against these invaders are ordinary girls everywhere, without a powerful army or even weapons.The Shinjugammine Girls Academy is a school for these "Hoshimori" (Star Guardians) destined to fight the Irousu. The player is assigned to this academy to train the girls and take back the contaminated Earth. And so, once again, the chimes echo through the sun-strewn schoolyard to mark the beginning of classes today...
 Modern-day middle school girl Hideyoshi is mysteriously hurled into a world resembling the warring states period of Japanese history, only this time it’s inhabited only by women. This world’s Oda Nobunaga is gathering the legendary Crimson Armor so she can rule the world, and for some reason needs Hideyoshi’s help to do it.
 When the chaos first opened in Hongmeng, heaven and earth gave birth to a strange thing... I don't know how many times, this strange thing actually shattered eighteen pieces! The unparalleled gods, beasts and other treasures in the fairyland demon girl, turned out to be the fragments of this ancient strange thing! From god to man, then from person to god, the desolate god and man Yun Changkong got a war tripod and embarked on an extraordinary road. Let's see how Yun Changkong reproduced the glory of the gods and demons of the ancient times! Zhanding reveals the gods and demons to return to the ancient times and command the Three Realms!
 Dan now desires more exciting battles and stronger opponents. Thus it is that when Maru appears before him, offering the two, Dan leapt at the chance.He is transported into the future, a time when Earth is threatened by demons from another dimension. Now, the fate of all humanity rests on Dan's shoulders. The price of failure is a re-set of Earth's entire timeline.
 Battle Spirits 2015 Project.
 Shunta Mogami loves the Battle Spirits game. One day he is transported by a light from a Battle Spirits card to Spirits World, the origin of all Battle Spirits. He meets a girl named Eto, who claims to have summoned him to Spirits World in order to prevent its destruction at the hands of the revived Evil God-King, who once plotted the destruction of Spirits World before being defeated and sealed away. Together with the confident, green-deck-wielding Yoku Albatrosa, who also came from another world, Shunta sets out to find the twelve God-Kings whose power originally sealed the Evil God-King.
 Hajime Hinobori, whose parents love him, built a battle system to fulfill his dream of seeing the spirits alive and battle for him. He went on a journey with his friends and joined many tournaments. He entered the Battle Spirits World Competition to test his skills on different card battlers. New cards called Burst are introduced and added to the Battle Spirits franchise.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Sequel to Battle Spirits
 While trying to rescue a cat, martial artist Ryo Sakazaki and his playboy best friend Robert Garcia unwittingly break into a jewel thief's apartment. Moments after entering, they witness the thief being murdered by a group of thugs. Despite fighting their way out and escaping, things go from bad to worse when Ryo and Robert learn that the thugs were working for Mr. Big, the biggest crime boss in South Town.Not only does Mr. Big believe that the two have stolen the "Eye of Sirius," a priceless diamond, but he has also kidnapped Ryo's younger sister Yuri, and is holding her hostage. Without the diamond and out of options, Ryo and Robert must fight their way past Mr. Big's men and save Yuri before it's too late.
 While trying to rescue a cat, martial artist Ryo Sakazaki and his playboy best friend Robert Garcia unwittingly break into a jewel thief's apartment. Moments after entering, they witness the thief being murdered by a group of thugs. Despite fighting their way out and escaping, things go from bad to worse when Ryo and Robert learn that the thugs were working for Mr. Big, the biggest crime boss in South Town.Not only does Mr. Big believe that the two have stolen the "Eye of Sirius," a priceless diamond, but he has also kidnapped Ryo's younger sister Yuri, and is holding her hostage. Without the diamond and out of options, Ryo and Robert must fight their way past Mr. Big's men and save Yuri before it's too late.
 New Battle Spirits anime
 A 12-year-old boy named Dan Bashin is taken to the alternate world of Grand Rolo by two mysterious siblings, Yuuki and Kajitsu Momose. There, he learns that he's one of the chosen core soldiers, bearing the light of the red core. Along with the other soldiers, he must save Grand Rolo from Otherworld King, who has been exploiting the worlds natives.
 Meet Toppa Bashin, a hero sixth-grader's favorite trading card. Bashin Kadobatora got a special ability. The legend is a rumor at school Reakado X. Bashin actually know that there are rivals with the pyroxene in the same way, the X over the Reakado, intense card battle we protest. Stocked all the time Reakado X, say the battle to achieve the strongest and legendary champion. The ultimate battle and win the world champion's best put to everyone.
 The story is set 14 years after Atlantia, the largest country in the world of Legendia, was torn apart by riots. The protagonist Tsurugi Tatewaki was secreted away from the chaos at a young age. Oblivious to his true birthplace, Tsurugi grows up as a spirited boy in the neighboring rocky land of Pacifis.One day, Tsurugi suddenly comes across the "Shining Sword," and his great adventure begin. An army of darkness is hunting down the 12 Sword Braves, and as the army pursues Tsurugi, a figure appears before him. Bringer is a Card Battle Droid entrusted with the duty of protecting Tsurugi. Trained by Bringer in the ways of the Battle Spirits combat, Tsurugi joins the other Sword Braves in rising up against the army of darkness with his Key Spirit "Shining Dragon."
 Battle Spirits Season 6.
 Driven to recover her memories after waking in a coffin at the bottom of a lake 20 years ago, Bayonetta hunts down the forces of Heaven day and night in search of clues to her forgotten past, and to uphold her pact with the demonic forces she draws her powers from as an Umbra Witch. She is armed and guided by the mysterious bartender and weapon-smith, Rodin, and following her every footstep is the intrepid journalist, Luka Redgrave, who believes that she has something to do with the death of his father and will stop at nothing to get the truth. Her quest takes a promising turn when she encounters a little girl named Cereza, but standing in her way is a rival Umbra Witch named Jeanne, who works for the very forces that she should be opposing.Bayonetta
 Driven to recover her memories after waking in a coffin at the bottom of a lake 20 years ago, Bayonetta hunts down the forces of Heaven day and night in search of clues to her forgotten past, and to uphold her pact with the demonic forces she draws her powers from as an Umbra Witch. She is armed and guided by the mysterious bartender and weapon-smith, Rodin, and following her every footstep is the intrepid journalist, Luka Redgrave, who believes that she has something to do with the death of his father and will stop at nothing to get the truth. Her quest takes a promising turn when she encounters a little girl named Cereza, but standing in her way is a rival Umbra Witch named Jeanne, who works for the very forces that she should be opposing.Bayonetta

 Based on a parody manga of Be-Bop Highschool.
 Kazuya is a 16-year-old, popular idol singer who has loads of female fans. Other than rehearse or sign autographs, he plays video games with his friend Akihiko. Akihiko is more violent than sweet toward Kazuya, but he is protective of him despite the many arguments they may get into. Akihiko later on confesses his love to Kazuya.
 Mini anime for Kuma Kuma Kuma Bear released weekly on the Kadokawa Anime YouTube channel.
 GoLion's story is set in 1999, when the planet Altea is subdued and enslaved by the Galra Empire. Meanwhile, five space pilots (Akira Kogane, Takashi Shirogane, Isamu Kurogane, Tsuyoshi Seidou and Hiroshi Suzuichi) return to Earth from their latest space exploration, only to find the planet annihilated by an apocalyptic, thermonuclear war, World War III. Suddenly, the explorers are ambushed, captured and enslaved by the visiting Galra Empire, and then, they are forced to fight for their lives in Emperor Daibazaal's arena.The young pilots escape and eventually land on the planet Altea, where they discover the secret of the mighty sentient robot GoLion, the only weapon powerful enough to defeat Emperor Daibazaal's forces. Thousands of years ago, GoLion was an arrogant robot who, after defeating several Beastmen, tried to challenge the goddess of the universe into battle, but failed. For GoLion's hubris, the goddess taught him humility by separating him into five pieces in the form of five lion robots that sailed through space and crash-landed on Altea, to lay in wait for those who would one day reawaken him to fight evil once again.[1][2][3] The Princess of Altea, Fala, recruits the five young men so they can become the new pilots of Golion and help her start fighting back against the Empire...
 Beast Saga have three beast tribes include the Sea Tribe, the Land Tribe, and the Sky Tribe, takes place on a distant planet in our galaxy. They try to protect Godlot which an infinite elemental power source and fight for their honor.
 The Transformers’ war continues in an older time, through a newer generation. On a prehistoric Earth, the heroic Maximals and the evil Predacons battle for survival against each other and against
 Beast Wars Neo was a television series that aired in Japan in 1999, in support of the toyline of the same name. It directly follows Beast Wars II.The show follows the adventures of a crew of Maximals, commanded by Big Convoy, as they compete with Magmatron's evil Predacons to collect the Angolmois energy capsules, scattered at the end of Beast Wars II.
 Beast Wars Second features a new cast of characters set many years in the future, who travel to a post apocalyptic Earth now known as the planet Gaia. The Cybertrons, led by Lio Convoy, are sent to the planet to investigate an unusual change in the planet’s behavior and thus thwart the Destrons, led by Galvatron, who seek to consume the planet’s rich source of energy called Angolmois.
 In a world populated by anthropomorphic animals, herbivores and carnivores coexist with each other. For the adolescences of Cherryton Academy, school life is filled with hope, romance, distrust, and uneasiness.The main character is Regoshi the wolf, a member of the drama club. Despite his menacing appearance, he has a very gentle heart. Throughout most of his life, he has always been an object of fear and hatred by other animals, and he's been quite accustomed to that lifestyle. But soon, he finds himself becoming more involved with his fellow classmates who have their own share of insecurities and finds his life in school changing slowly.
 In a civilized society of anthropomorphic animals, an uneasy tension exists between carnivores and herbivores. At Cherryton Academy, this mutual distrust peaks after a predation incident results in the death of Tem, an alpaca in the school's drama club. Tem's friend Legoshi, a grey wolf in the stage crew, has been an object of fear and suspicion for his whole life. In the immediate aftermath of the tragedy, he continues to lay low and hide his menacing traits, much to the disapproval of Louis, a red deer and the domineering star actor of the drama club.When Louis sneaks into the auditorium to train Tem's replacement for an upcoming play, he assigns Legoshi to lookout duty. That very night, Legoshi has a fateful encounter with Haru, a white dwarf rabbit scorned by her peers. His growing feelings for Haru, complicated by his predatory instincts, force him to confront his own true nature, the circumstances surrounding the death of his friend, and the undercurrent of violence plaguing the world around him.
 Second season of Beastars
 With the introduction of an ultra-advanced AI that surpasses human intelligence, beings that mankind is yet to fully comprehend made from materials far too advanced for human technology begin coming into being. Lacia, an hIE equipped with a black coffin-shaped device, is one of these. In boy-meets-girl fashion, 17-year-old Arato Endo has a fateful encounter with the artificial Lacia. For what purpose were these artificial beings created? Amid questions regarding the coexistence of these artificial beings and humans, a 17-year-old boy makes a decision...
 The four-episode sequel of Beatless called Beatless Final Stage.To create the future that everyone can have hope, Arato takes Lacia's hand once again. Will the future he chooses be the human race's end? Or will it be the beginning to the new world?"
 Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki is a 14 year old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke’s new band BECK. Koyuki’s life starts to change as the band struggles towards fame.
 Tanaka Yukio, better known by his nickname Koyuki is a 14 year old who feels disconnected from life in general. Through the act of saving a mismatched dog, he meets guitarist Minami Ryuusuke, and becomes involved in Ryuusuke's new band BECK. Koyuki's life starts to change as the band struggles towards fame.
 Beelzebub is a great demon lord who rules over several millions of demons. Myurin, who decides to serve the demon lord, learns that not only does Beelzebub lack the poise of a great demon, but is also a laid-back girl who likes fluffy things. Thus begins the daily-life comedy revolving around the many villains in the demon world.
 Lu Chen, an immortal, was trapped in the Chaos Realm for many years, when he awoke again he discovered a whole different world. The old continent shattered into countless pieces, the north and south poles reversed, the heavenly suns went from nine to one, the wild beasts vanished, and the humans, who had only one. small wild country a long time ago, have spread all over the world. A mangy dog he'd picked up in the past turned out to be the ruler of a kingdom, and a little girl he kindly adopted turned out to be an immortal...
 Bem, Bela, and Belo are ugly humanoid youkai who fight for justice. They live among humans and protect them from evil youkai. The three find themselves ostracized from both humans and other youkai, but the three continue to fight in hopes of one day becoming humans themselves.
 Bem, Bela, and Belo are ugly humanoid youkai who fight for justice. They live among humans and protect them from evil youkai. The three find themselves ostracized from both humans and other youkai, but the three continue to fight in hopes of one day becoming humans themselves.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Take place 2 years after the last episode of the TV series.Detective Sonia Summers are tracking Bem and the others. She reunited with Belo, who is fighting a dark organization alone. He brought her to Bem, but Bem doesn't remember anything and living in the city as an ordinary employee... or that is what he thought he was.
 The story of Ben Tennyson, a typical kid who becomes very atypical after he discovers the Omnitrix, a mysterious alien device with the power to transform the wearer into ten different alien species.
 The story of Ben Tennyson, a typical kid who becomes very atypical after he discovers the Omnitrix, a mysterious alien device with the power to transform the wearer into ten different alien species.
 The story of Ben Tennyson, a typical kid who becomes very atypical after he discovers the Omnitrix, a mysterious alien device with the power to transform the wearer into ten different alien species.
 The story of Ben Tennyson, a typical kid who becomes very atypical after he discovers the Omnitrix, a mysterious alien device with the power to transform the wearer into ten different alien species.
 15 year old Ben Tennyson must utilize the Omnitrix yet again in order to locate his missing Grandpa Max, along with his cousin Gwen and former enemy Kevin 11.
 15 year old Ben Tennyson must utilize the Omnitrix yet again in order to locate his missing Grandpa Max, along with his cousin Gwen and former enemy Kevin 11.
 15 year old Ben Tennyson must utilize the Omnitrix yet again in order to locate his missing Grandpa Max, along with his cousin Gwen and former enemy Kevin 11.
 The continuing adventures of Ben Tennyson and his new partner, Rook.
 When the Omnitrix begins a countdown to self-destruction, Ben and Gwen team up with Tetrax to find the watch's creator before it's too late.
 With his secret identity now revealed to the world, Ben Tennyson continues to fight evil as a superhero with the help of the newly acquired Ultimatrix.
 With his secret identity now revealed to the world, Ben Tennyson continues to fight evil as a superhero with the help of the newly acquired Ultimatrix.
 With his secret identity now revealed to the world, Ben Tennyson continues to fight evil as a superhero with the help of the newly acquired Ultimatrix.
 The story revolves around a poor high school student named Y? Sat?. Sat? goes to the supermarket one day and discovers a bent? (boxed meal) on sale at half price. Just as he reaches to grab it, he ends up on the floor unconscious. Sat? has just entered the fierce, no-holds-barred “supermarket survival battle” for half-price bent?.
 Sato Yo is a high school boy who likes SEGA games. One day, he enters a grocery store to buy some food for dinner. When he tries to take a bento box, he loses consciousness. He comes around to find all the bento sold out. He notices there is a war game going on at grocery stores and players called "Wolves" compete for the half-priced bento. Yarizui Sen, the leader of the Half-Pricer Club, forces Yo to join the club and he enters the bento war.

 Saitou is an ordinary handyman that gets transported to another world where his skills are very useful. He starts to really understand what it means to be needed.
 Saitou is an ordinary handyman that gets transported to another world where his skills are very useful. He starts to really understand what it means to be needed.
 A spinoff based on the Bermuda Triangle clan from Bushiroad's popular Cardfight!! Vanguard trading card game.Mermaids are known worldwide as bewitching mythological creatures of the sea. Despite their charms and otherworldly powers, daily life for these beings comes with everyday problems. But there's nothing that can't be overcome with the support of friends. Follow the adventures of five young mermaids as they explore their town and the world around them in this delightful slice-of-life series that takes viewers to an enchanting world beneath the waves.
 The story centers around a lazy girl's love for famous literary works along with her bookworm friends. Sawako "Miss Bernard" Machida wants to be well-versed in literature but she doesn't actually read those books! Encounter various prominent works including the Bible, The Tale of the Heike, The Great Passage, Fermat's Last Theorem and more that she hasn't read.
 Guts, known as the Black Swordsman, seeks sanctuary from the demonic forces that pursue him and his woman, and also vengeance against the man who branded him as an unholy sacrifice. Aided only by his titanic strength, skill, and sword, Guts must struggle against his bleak destiny, all the while fighting with a rage that might strip him of his humanity. Berserk is a dark and brooding story of outrageous swordplay and ominous fate, in the theme of Shakespeare's Macbeth.
 Now branded for death and destined to be hunted by demons until the day he dies, Guts embarks on a journey to defy such a gruesome fate, as waves of beasts relentlessly pursue him. Steeling his resolve, he takes up the monstrous blade Dragonslayer and vows to exact vengeance on the one responsible, hunting down the very man he once looked up to and considered a friend.Along the way, he encounters some unlikely allies, such as a small elf named Puck, and Isidro, a young thief looking to learn swordsmanship from the former mercenary. As the ragtag group slowly comes together after having decided to join Guts in his quest, they will face incredible danger unlike anything they have ever experienced before.
 Continuous of Berserk (2016).
 A brave young warrior named Guts fights for his fortune as a mercenary on the front lines. A fated encounter unites Guts with the charismatic and deadly young man named Griffith. Leading the rogue soldiers known as the Band of the Hawk, Griffith wields his formidable force like no other. Driven by a quest for status, the Hawks exert military and social prowess the likes of which have never been seen before. The armies of Midland will quake with fear as Griffith and Guts set off on a path that will bring the world to its knees.
  In the dead of night, at a camping site where they hide, the Band of the Hawk is attacked by Bakiraka assassins led by Silat. When all seems lost, Guts returns from his journey. "You destroyed everything." Crying that Griffith is nothing without Guts, Casca and Guts are joined together body and soul. Griffith is imprisoned in the oldest building in Wyndham Catle, the Tower of Rebirth. They discover that Griffith has been tortured, with the tendons of his legs and arms severed and his tongue removed. Seeing Guts and Casca pitying him, Griffith drags his body along the ground. At that moment, the Egg of the King Behelit that he had thought lost returns to his hand. The Behelit resonated with Griffith's despair and screams, causing a shockwave that creates a twisted dimension. The God Hand descends. A nightmare of magnificent violence erupts as a horde of apostles devour the Band of the Hawk. This is the birth of the fifth guardian and the beginning of an age where darkness overcomes all light.
 These "outtakes" are comedic specials from the DVDs, meant to be watched after the main show
 Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her. While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men?
 This second Berserk film will cover the part of the series dealing with the taking of the important Band of the Hawk stronghold.
 TV edit of the Berserk
 TV edit of the Berserk
 The Band of the Hawk and their enigmatic leader Griffith continue winning battle after battle as their prestige throughout the kingdom of Midland grows. But their latest task is one that has seen failure from everyone who has attempted it
 Kamen Rider Saber shorts released on the Toei Tokusatsu Fanclub (TTFC) app.
 Randou Rino is a young girl with a head full of air and a talking puppet on her hand. She is accepted into the illustrious Gokujou all-girl's school, and is summarily, almost curiously, accepted as part of the even more illustrious Gokujou Student Council, who has more power and business ventures than most large businesses. Now a part of the student council, she befriends the talented members of the Gokujou Student Council, leaving one to wonder how a girl with seemingly no talents or redeeming qualities would get chosen for such a group.
 A deadly virus known as "Algernon" has attacked humanity with vicious meaning. At the forefront of the battle is the mystifying Akamatsu Industries - disguised as a heavy machine factory in Tokyo, this undercover organization uses neural enhanced weapons known as NeuroNoids to battle Algernon. Also helping with their secret efforts is the mysterious mutant who is only known as "Betterman".
 Bart Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shuu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan.
 Valt Aoi is a hot-blooded kid who loves to attack and wields a Beyblade named Valkyrie. His close friend Shuu Kurenai is an elite Blader who is a genius but still puts in a lot of effort, and wields the Beyblade named Spriggan.
 New Beyblade Series.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 "There is a strong guy, come and challenge Daikokuten Bell!"Rumors were widespread in the world about the Bey Cemetery, "The Gate of Makai." And the owner is Daikokuten Bell. He is the true "Demon King" who is proud of being undefeated at The Gate of Makai.Bell jacks the broadcasts around the world and declares war on all Bladers! The Devil's Bay in his hand,Dynamite Belial! In front of the unknown Beyblade, legends such as Valt Aoi also stand up to face him!Now, the legend of Demon King Bell, who has turned the whole world into an enemy, is about to begin!
 "There is a strong guy, come and challenge Daikokuten Bell!"Rumors were widespread in the world about the Bey Cemetery, "The Gate of Makai." And the owner is Daikokuten Bell. He is the true "Demon King" who is proud of being undefeated at The Gate of Makai.Bell jacks the broadcasts around the world and declares war on all Bladers! The Devil's Bay in his hand,Dynamite Belial! In front of the unknown Beyblade, legends such as Valt Aoi also stand up to face him!Now, the legend of Demon King Bell, who has turned the whole world into an enemy, is about to begin!
 This year's March issue of Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comics magazine announced on Friday that a new Beyblade series titled Beyblade Burst GT (Gachi) will debut on April 5. The series will stream weekly on the CoroCoro YouTube channel, the official Beyblade portal website, and the Takara Tomy Channel. The magazine shared a visual of a new protagonist with short blond hair.
 This year's March issue of Shogakukan's CoroCoro Comics magazine announced on Friday that a new Beyblade series titled Beyblade Burst GT (Gachi) will debut on April 5. The series will stream weekly on the CoroCoro YouTube channel, the official Beyblade portal website, and the Takara Tomy Channel. The magazine shared a visual of a new protagonist with short blond hair.
 New season of Beyblade Burst.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The stage is set for a masquerade tournament, but the Dark Prince isn’t the only belle at this ball! Enter
 One year after the events of Beyblade Burst Rise, brothers Hikaru, and Hyuga witness the power of superking/sparking evolutions of Valtryek, Roktavor, and Satomb. The three beys radiate a power that was not even dreamable, due to their bladers pulling off a sparking launch. Hyuga and Hikaru get inspired to make their own sparking beys, Hyperion and Helios, and compete with the legendary bladers, training to best the top ranked bladers to ever touch the stadium.Prepared to do whatever it takes to become the best, they head across the globe to challenge the best to ever let it rip, in an effort to become stronger, and battle all of the top bladers that were able to make their mark in the stadium.
 One year after the events of Beyblade Burst Rise, brothers Hikaru, and Hyuga witness the power of superking/sparking evolutions of Valtryek, Roktavor, and Satomb. The three beys radiate a power that was not even dreamable, due to their bladers pulling off a sparking launch. Hyuga and Hikaru get inspired to make their own sparking beys, Hyperion and Helios, and compete with the legendary bladers, training to best the top ranked bladers to ever touch the stadium.Prepared to do whatever it takes to become the best, they head across the globe to challenge the best to ever let it rip, in an effort to become stronger, and battle all of the top bladers that were able to make their mark in the stadium.
 After keeping their BitBeasts out of harm's way, a new world championship tournament is announced, but the defending champions can't all be on the same team. Their friendship will be tested and tried as each Bladebreaker goes on a quest to prove why they are the best Beyblader around. Tyson, Max, Ray, Kai, and newcomer Daichi, must keep up their winning ways...even if they must face each other. But, after the tournament is over, what awaits them is an old foe, Boris, taking over the BBA and transforming it into BEGA, the Beyblade Entertainment Global Association. To save Beybladers of the entire world from BEGA's corruption, the Bladebreakers must reunite once again...
 The Bladebreakers are on a well deserved vacation. But, a hyperactive kid named Daichi continues to pursue Tyson for a rematch after his defeat in the Beyblade World Championships.The Bladebreakers' vacation eventually takes a turn for the worst once they encounter mysterious beybladers who claim to be the Dark Spirits sealed inside a strange temple. With Daichi under their control, the Shadow Bladers seek to destroy the world with their Dark Bit Beasts. Together, Tyson, Max, Ray, and Kai must save Daichi... and the world once again...
 The Bladebreakers have to join forces once again because a mysterious group under the lead of Oozuma has defeated them, but the real enemy is not Oozuma. The real threath is formed by a group of people who use cyber-bitbeasts to capture the original ones from the Bladebreakers
 The Bladebreakers have to join forces once again because a mysterious group under the lead of Oozuma has defeated them, but the real enemy is not Oozuma. The real threath is formed by a group of people who use cyber-BitBeasts to capture the original ones from the Bladebreakers.
 The Bladebreakers are on a well deserved vacation. But, a hyperactive kid named Daichi continues to pursue Tyson for a rematch after his defeat in the Beyblade World Championships.The Bladebreakers' vacation eventually takes a turn for the worst once they encounter mysterious beybladers who claim to be the Dark Spirits sealed inside a strange temple. With Daichi under their control, the Shadow Bladers seek to destroy the world with their Dark Bit Beasts. Together, Tyson, Max, Ray, and Kai must save Daichi... and the world once again...
 Seven years after the Nemesis Crisis, much of the world has been devastated and ruined after the tragic fighting. As a result, most people lost faith and interest in Beyblading. Otori Tsubasa, who became leader of the WBBA, made it his life goal to ensure humanity could restore itself, as well as restore the popularity of Beyblading. He created the Zero-G battling style as a result, and hopes a new generation of bladers will rise up to accept the sport once again. One of these is a teenager named Zero Kurogane, who aims to become the top blader after having a destined encounter with the hero of the Nemesis Crisis, Ginga Hagane.

 In an unknown land, six guardian beasts provide protection and help cities to thrive through battles called BeyRaiderz. An unknown evil arises to take on the six guardian figures, forcing the six to unite. At the end of the battle the land is protected, but the guardians fall into a slumber. This allows many natural disasters to occur, causing the land to lose its beauty and the people to forget about BeyRaiderz battles. As the six guardian beasts begin to awaken, they call on six BeyWarriors from other lands. The six BeyWarriors are each given BeyRaiderz and charged with going from coliseum arena to coliseum arena to battle. Battling enough times will allow the spirits to reawaken, and it can't happen soon enough as the same darkness that caused them to unite is reawakening and threatens to destroy the world once more.
 The newest series of the Beyblade saga is BeyWarriors
 BeyWarriors


 The series follows Team Estrella, a group of young and talented Beywheelers residing at Destection City. The peace of that place is threatened when a group of aggressive wheelers calling themselves Dominators attempts to take over the Beywheelz world. Unable to accept such a reign of terror, Team Estrella opposes the Dominators and ends up fighting them in the Judgement Bey tournament, which is to decide the fate of the world they live in, as well as the fate of an unknown, undiscovered one.

 Ten years ago, a child wished for the destruction of the world. Now, a group of people has the ability to grant their wishes depending on their power. They are called "Order User."Before these great people who have the power of "Order," one person excels the most with the ability to rule and conquer the world and turn people into puppets when it is in his jurisdiction. This power belongs to Hoshimiya Eiji, who is also responsible for the destructive phenomena that happened exactly ten years ago.
 It is the dawn of the 21st century. Mankind has terraformed and colonized Mars, but is not alone in the universe. An ancient race of alien beings, known only as The Gods, has been watching mankind's progress... and waiting. Now, these mysterious aliens have returned to halt mankind's expansion into space... by force.Presently, the planet named after the God of War, Mars, will become the final battlefield, as mankind fights a desperate battle with the latest in high-tech, military hardware
 There is a World Beautiful-Skin Competition (WBC) to which the 3 billion women of the world aspire. Carrying on the 300-year legacy of the competition are the twin Bihada sisters, Sara and Saki.
 Set in an RPG world with swords and magic, warriors must form a party to defeat the demon lord. But, these warriors are all wearing Bikini armor!!
 New OVAs slated for release in Fall 2016. The OVAs will include two new characters, Cleric and Kunoichi.
 According to the official Hobby Japan website, an unaired episode of Bikini Warriors will be bundled with the Blu-ray volume to be released on December 9th, 2015.
 Born into a rich family, Ye Ziqiu has been living in the mud. She is kind-hearted concealed bear, marry a fool for younger sister, dying she is implantable new heart forcibly, fell into the hand of Yan Meng Jun from now on! The man who deceives the whole world is not only very clever, but also the head of a demon with a mask!
 Ye Ziqiu, who comes from a wealthy family, has been living in the mud. She was kind and patient, and in order to marry a fool for her sister, she was forcibly implanted with a new heart when she was dying, and has since fallen into the clutches of Yan Mengjun! This perverted pervert who cheats the whole world is not only extremely smart, but also a demon head with a mask! She lives only to atone for her sins, but since she married Yan Mengjun, she had to beg for peace with her body, and he said that he no longer wants her heart. But...
 Ye Ziqiu, who comes from a wealthy family, has been living in the mud. She was kind and patient, and in order to marry a fool for her sister, she was forcibly implanted with a new heart when she was dying, and has since fallen into the clutches of Yan Mengjun! This perverted pervert who cheats the whole world is not only extremely smart, but also a demon head with a mask! She lives only to atone for her sins, but since she married Yan Mengjun, she had to beg for peace with her body, and he said that he no longer wants her heart. But...
 With things a bit calmer since the whole Zundar fiasco, the boys can get back to what’s important in life -- like hanging around the bathhouse and being lazy. But when the Loveracelets start calling, they’ll have to jump back into the action.
 This is the story of how five high school boys affiliated with the "Binan High School Earth Defense Club" aka the "Do Nothing Club" are charged by a weird pink wombat creature with protecting the world.
 Second season of Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu LOVE!

 3rd Binan Koukou Chikyuu Boueibu season
 The older boys are graduating school and recount their memories together. The next day everyone defends the graduation ceremony against Zundar and Dadacha's Second Button Monster but Yumoto struggles using his love power.
 At the expense of the people and things around her, Sakura has absorbed so much "happiness energy" that she has caused an energy imbalance in the world. In order to return balance to the world, the Poverty God, Momiji, sets out to take away Sakura's ability to absorb this energy. Will Momiji be able to put a stop to Sakura's absorbing abilities, or will the God succumb to her happiness?
 Nian Bing is the son of a fire mage and an ice mage. After both of his parents were killed by the Ice Lord, Nian Bing received both of his parents' magic gems. When Nian Bing was trying to escape from the Ice Lord's followers, he managed to cast both fire and ice magic at the same time. An impossible feat for a mage. He fell from the cliff, unconscious, and was saved by an oldman. After he woke up, the oldman gave him a food so delicious he never tasted before. It turned out that the oldman was a genius chef, once called a spirit chef. And he wants Nian Bing to be his disciple no matter what! Is Nian Bing able to seek vengeance while aiming to become the greatest chef?

 Two scientists are attempting to distribute the cure for a demon virus that is affecting people all over Japan, however, things have become complicated. One of them has become infected. So begins his battle with himself, as he attempts to not only control his emerging demon side, but also to save the lives of others by wielding its great strength.
 Two scientists are attempting to distribute the cure for a demon virus that is affecting people all over Japan, however, things have become complicated. One of them has become infected. So begins his battle with himself, as he attempts to not only control his emerging demon side, but also to save the lives of others by wielding its great strength.
 Years after the horrors of Raccoon City, Leon and Claire find themselves consumed by a dark conspiracy when a viral attack ravages the White House.
 Years after the horrors of Raccoon City, Leon and Claire find themselves consumed by a dark conspiracy when a viral attack ravages the White House.
 Chris Redfield enlists the help of Leon S. Kennedy and Rebecca Chambers to stop a death merchant, with a vengeance, from spreading a deadly virus in New York.
 Six ordinary Matoran are chosen to become Toa, guardians of the legendary city of Metru Nui. But as they accustom to their new role, conflicts quickly arise between them, and a sinister plot is set in motion right under their noses.
 The Toa Metru return to Metru Nui to rescue the remaining sleeping Matoran, only to find it overrun by the spider-like Visorak horde and its ruthless, sadistic rulers, Sidorak and Roodaka.
 Once the ruler of an entire universe, the Great Spirit Mata Nui finds himself cast out of his own body, his spirit trapped inside the fabled Mask of Life, hurtling through space. After landing on the far-away planet of Bara Magna, the mask creates a new body for Mata Nui, who unwillingly gets caught up in the furious battles of the nearly barren and dangerous planet. The locals, called Agori ask for his help against the unrelenting army of the Rock Tribe, called the Skrall and their leader, Tuma. The Glatorian warriors start to train him, teach him how to protect himself, while Mata Nui also adds some of his special powers to their fighting skill. The experienced veteran Ackar, the feisty female Kiina, the young Glatorian Gresh, and a friendly, special beetle named Click aid him on his way. But there is a traitor among the Agori, and bigger secrets lay hidden under the sands of the desert planet. Mata Nui must help his new-found friends, but he also has to find a way to return to his old body and take revenge on the evil being who had banished him.
 Birdie Wing
 Second season of Birdie Wing
 Aqualoid was a prosperous planet, but an attack from a mysterious life force, the Inorganics, transforms it into a post-apocalyptic shell of its former self. When Nam finds a mysterious sword, he is suddenly the object of a planet-wide chase. With the Inorganics closing in, will Nam and his friends discover the secret of the sword and save their world? Or will they destroy Aqualoid in favor of a new Birth?
 Korean War, 1951. Little Manuk is playing on the streets of his village and dreaming of life at the front where his father is a soldier. He returns home to find a parcel on the doorstep and, thinking it is a birthday present, he opens it. But its contents will change his life.
 Korean War, 1951. Little Manuk is playing on the streets of his village and dreaming of life at the front where his father is a soldier. He returns home to find a parcel on the doorstep and, thinking it is a birthday present, he opens it. But its contents will change his life.
 A movie adaptation of the 1981 children's book Chikashitsu kara no Fushigi na Tabi.A wonderful and mysterious birthday adventure, one that you will never forget. Beyond the basement door in Aunt Chi’s antique shop lies a world beyond your wildest imagination...Akane Uesugi is a shy 6th grader who has trouble telling other people how she feels.The day before her birthday, her mother, Midori, sends her on an errand
 The movies will cover the Shadow Galactica arc.
 Usagi Tsukino is still struggling to balance her home life with the duties of being Sailor Moon, the guardian of love and justice. Along with the other Sailor Guardians and her boyfriend Mamoru Chiba, they begin investigating cases of students from Mugen Academy, a school for the most elite students, who are being transformed into monsters. During the investigation, they meet three strange individuals
 Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Eternal serves as the fourth installment in Toei Animation's reboot of Naoko Takeuchi's original magical girl manga. The sequel was announced in January 2017 as a part of the franchise's 25th anniversary and later confirmed to be a two-part anime film covering the Dream arc.
 Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Eternal serves as the fourth installment in Toei Animation's reboot of Naoko Takeuchi's original magical girl manga. The sequel was announced in January 2017 as a part of the franchise's 25th anniversary and later confirmed to be a two-part anime film covering the Dream arc.
 Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Eternal serves as the fourth installment in Toei Animation's reboot of Naoko Takeuchi's original magical girl manga. The sequel was announced in January 2017 as a part of the franchise's 25th anniversary and later confirmed to be a two-part anime film covering the Dream arc.
 Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Eternal serves as the fourth installment in Toei Animation's reboot of Naoko Takeuchi's original magical girl manga. The sequel was announced in January 2017 as a part of the franchise's 25th anniversary and later confirmed to be a two-part anime film covering the Dream arc.
 Quiet bookworm of the Sailor Senshi Ami takes pride in her studies, but a rival naming himself "Mercurius" is suddenly outscoring her on the national exams. Combine this with a sudden love letter and a youma feeding on Ami's stress over the whole situation, and Sailor Mercury finds herself in a huge pinch.
 The first episode is a summary of SM, SM R and SM S, the second episode is about Haruka and Michiru on a cruise ship. They fight one of the SuperS enemies and decide to leave this villain to the classical Sailor Team. (That's an explanation why the outer Sailor Team doesn't appear in this season.) In episode 3 Chibiusa uncovers one of her classmates as a monster and fights her with the Sailor Team in a vampire castle.
 The first episode is a summary of SM, SM R and SM S, the second episode is about Haruka and Michiru on a cruise ship. They fight one of the SuperS enemies and decide to leave this villain to the classical Sailor Team. (That's an explanation why the outer Sailor Team doesn't appear in this season.) In episode 3 Chibiusa uncovers one of her classmates as a monster and fights her with the Sailor Team in a vampire castle.
 Everywhere around the world, the children sleep. Unaware of danger lurking in the shadows. But tonight, a strange darkness floats in the wind. And the children, one by one, begin to disappear. It seems to be a supernatural force that feeds on their dreams. The evil queen, Badiyanu, and her loyal fairies assist in using the "Black Dream Hole" to swallow the earth. It is up to Sailor Moon and the Sailor Soldiers to prevent the approaching Darkness.

 Like the R Season, Sailor Stars is divided into two arcs
 Like the R Season, Sailor Stars is divided into two arcs
 Despite the title, this is not a feature but the three-part OAV Battle Skipper (1995), which Takashi Watanabe directed before going on to Slayers.When the members of the Etiquette Club at St. Ignacio's School for Girls go down the tubes--literally--they acquire the skimpy outfits they wear to pilot the unfortunately named BSs or Battle Skippers, state-of-the-art military mecha. As "Extars," the Etiquette Club members fight to eliminate evil from the world, which means the bizarre schemes of Sayaka, the nasty, super-rich president of the rival Debutante Club, and her flunky, Todo.The series was created to promote a line of robot toys from Tomy, and viewers who are willing to accept high school girls' quarrels escalating into battles involving satellite weaponry may enjoy these silly adventures.
 Despite the title, this is not a feature but the three-part OAV Battle Skipper (1995), which Takashi Watanabe directed before going on to Slayers.When the members of the Etiquette Club at St. Ignacio's School for Girls go down the tubes--literally--they acquire the skimpy outfits they wear to pilot the unfortunately named BSs or Battle Skippers, state-of-the-art military mecha. As "Extars," the Etiquette Club members fight to eliminate evil from the world, which means the bizarre schemes of Sayaka, the nasty, super-rich president of the rival Debutante Club, and her flunky, Todo.The series was created to promote a line of robot toys from Tomy, and viewers who are willing to accept high school girls' quarrels escalating into battles involving satellite weaponry may enjoy these silly adventures.
 The series follows three girls aspiring to become idols while also working part time at a game center. Little do they know that, in reality, they are gathered by a mysterious organization to protect the Earth from a large meteorite.
 Second season of Bishoujo Yuugi Unit Crane Game Girls.
 Mayumi Doujima promises her parents that she will give up on her dreams of becoming an astronaut on her 14th birthday if she cannot find a star she once saw long ago. Overhearing her troubles, the eccentric Manabu Soutouin offers to help her search for the star alongside the rest of Yubiwa Academy's mysterious Pretty Boy Detective Club, whose rules are as follows
 "I'm your daughter, and I also want to be your woman!" she, who has just come of age, declares to her foster father at his wedding, totally ruining it. The moment the truth of the murder six years ago comes out, her heart shatteres. "I hate you as much as I love you," she says to him.
 Ten years after the Holy War in Hong Kong, Mochizuki Jirou, aka the Silver Blade, and the lone hero who fought and defeated the Kowloon Children despite the loss of his lover, returns to Japan with his young brother, Mochizuki Kotarou. The two quickly discover that the Kowloon Children who survived the Holy War are seeking to infiltrate the "Special Zone" ,a thriving city protected by an invisible barrier that will not allow Kowloon Children entrance, unless they're invited. Red Bloods refers to the humans; Black Bloods are the vampires, and the Mochizuki Brothers are Old Blood, the last descendants of an elite clan of vampires. When Kotarou is abducted by one of the Kowloon Children, Jirou has no choice but to fight once more.
 Train Heartnet is the infamous gunman 'Black Cat', a cold-blooded assassin who works for the organization known as 'Chronos', bearing the mark XIII on his body. Most of his life was surrounded by violence, so Train is quiet, asocial and uncaring. However his life changes as he encounters the mysterious Sweeper (bounty hunter), Saya. Her unique way of living interested Train but tragedy occurs, resulting in Train changing the way he has lived towards the life of a Sweeper with newfound friends Sven and Eve.
 An OVA episode bundled with the 11th manga volume.
 Asta and Yuno were abandoned together at the same church and have been inseparable since. As children, they promised that they would compete against each other to see who would become the next Emperor Magus. However, as they grew up, some differences between them became plain. Yuno was a genius with magic, with amazing power and control, while Asta could not use magic at all, and tried to make up for his lack by training physically. When they received their Grimoires at age 15, Yuno got a spectacular book with a four-leaf clover (most people receive a three-leaf-clover), while Asta received nothing at all. However, when Yuno was threatened, the truth about Asta's power was revealed, he received a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "black clover"! Now the two friends are heading out in the world, both seeking the same goal!
 Asta and Yuno were abandoned together at the same church and have been inseparable since. As children, they promised that they would compete against each other to see who would become the next Emperor Magus. However, as they grew up, some differences between them became plain. Yuno was a genius with magic, with amazing power and control, while Asta could not use magic at all, and tried to make up for his lack by training physically. When they received their Grimoires at age 15, Yuno got a spectacular book with a four-leaf clover (most people receive a three-leaf-clover), while Asta received nothing at all. However, when Yuno was threatened, the truth about Asta's power was revealed, he received a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "black clover"! Now the two friends are heading out in the world, both seeking the same goal!
 Asta is a young boy who dreams of becoming the greatest mage in the kingdom. He only has one problem, he can't use magic. Luckily for Asta, he receives the incredibly rare five-leaf clover grimoire that gives him the power of anti-magic. Even though he can't use magic, he plans to become the Wizard King.
 The special episode features the captains of the different squads plus Asta and Yuno participating in a quiz show.
 The special episode features the captains of the different squads plus Asta and Yuno participating in a quiz show.

 High school student Ibuki Keita has been haunted by misfortune for as long as he can remember. For no apparent reason, everyone around him dies tragically. Ultimately, he refuses to become too close to anyone, even his childhood friend Akane. This leaves Keita alone in a life full of misery and disgrace.While eating at his favorite ramen shop one evening, Keita meets a strange young girl named Kuro. Possessing abilities that surpass that of a normal human being, Kuro classifies herself as a Mototsumitama. She explains to Keita about “Terra”, a life-energy force split between three identical looking people; a global phenomenon dubbed the “Doppeliner System”. As a Mototsumitama, Kuro guards the “Coexistence Equilibrium”, the beings that protect the flow of Terra around the world. Keita refuses to believe her story, until he is caught up in the crossfire of this hidden world. On the verge of death, he makes a contract with Kuro, unbeknownst to its true meaning. Now he is bound to Kuro, and must be with her at all times. Could Keita's misfortune possibly get any greater?
 Kuroo Hazama, also known as "Black Jack," is a legend in the medical world. Famous for being one of the best, as well as not having a license, Hazama and his assistant Pinoko save countless lives that other doctors cannot... for a price; an exorbitant price, in fact, which causes many to view the genius as greedy and heartless. Despite these claims, however, none can deny his skill and the lengths that he will go to treat his patients. This dark medical drama tells the story of the ominous and mysterious world of underground medicine as Black Jack risks his life to cure some of the most bizarre diseases imaginable, even if it means breaking every law in the process.
 Jo Carol Brane attempts to hire Dr. Black Jack on a breed of superhumans that have the strength, intellectual, athletic, and artistic skills with great excel in different fields, only to later find out that they start deteriorating after some period of time and causing an untimely death. Jo needs Dr. Black Jack's help on finding a cure.
 The mega-corporate Daedalus Group is under attack by a small group of activists known as the Ghost of Icarus. While taking care of some of the victims of the bombing, Black Jack encounters Dr. Kiriko, also known as Death Incarnate, who just like him, asks his patients huge sums of money but instead of saving them, he offers them a painless death. When the activist group requests both doctors’ collaboration, Black Jack finds himself caught in a spiral of life, death and treason while trying to save his patients' lives and avoid the breaking of a biological war that could destroy humanity.
 These original short animated films are shown in the "300 Inch Theater" at the Tezuka Osamu World in the Kyoto Station Bldg, as well as a two-picture show including animated films from among Tezuka Osamu's major Manga, and one focuses on historic episodes of Kyoto.In this theatre, the Phoenix plays the role of storyteller, introducing two films. The Phoenix chooses a story entitled "Old Woman" ("Oba-chan") from numerous episodes of "Black Jack" to discuss the theme of how much love can grow in this short lifetime. In the story, there is a seemingly greedy old woman who is always asking her daughter-in-law for money, and her son and his wife become fed up with the old woman's behaviour. Naturally, there are constant quarrels in the family, and their quiet ordinary life seems to have been lost.After accidentally coming to know the family, Black Jack learns that the old woman had her young son, who was dying at the time, treated and saved by a noted doctor who claimed a great amount of money. She has, in fact, been paying for the treatment over some tens of years. Because of her great love for her son, the old woman devoted her entire life to paying for the treatment.Not aware of his mother's act, the son feels helplessly hammered and squeezed by his mother and his wife. But when he finally comes to know the truth, he is deeply impressed with the love of his mother, who valued her son's life more than her own. Black Jack asks him if he could love her just as much as she loved him. Explaining that only love valued more highly than life can live forever, the Phoenix then tells a story about the move of the capital to Heian, which was a great national project and an attempt to infuse a city with eternal life.
 An army plane defects from the U-ran (Uranium) Union and lands in Black Jack's garden carrying a family. Their purpose is to have their son, who is suffering from an incurable disease, treated by Black Jack. But it is beyond even BJ's ability to cure the disease.
 Okajima Rokuro is a Japanese businessman in a town full of Japanese businessmen. His normal day consists of social drinking with clients and being kicked around by his bosses. He finally gets a break though, as he's sent by his company to the tropical seas of Eastern China to deliver a disc. But his boat gets hijacked by a band of mercenaries hired to retrieve the disc. Rock (as he is newly dubbed by his captors) catches the interest of the only female merc Revy as she thinks he's worth a ransom, taking him hostage. However, the disc that was stolen has a terrible secret that's unknown to Rock, which causes massive confusion and chaos for both him and his kidnappers
 Special omake episodes from the Blu-Ray releases, showing the heroines and foes in funny, uncommon situations.
 Okajima Rokuro - now known almost exclusively as 'Rock' - was once a typical, put-upon Japanese businessman. Then, on a routine business trip, he was kidnapped and ransomed by the Lagoon Company
 Rokurou "Rock" Okajima has joined the Lagoon Company, a pirate mercenary group which operates out of Roanapur, Thailand. Despite his initial protests, this filthy slum of depraved souls and merciless criminals now serves as the former salaryman's home. Stranded, with nothing left of his past life but the clothes on his back and his inner morality, Rock is forced to perform jobs alongside the other members of the Lagoon crew. Berated for his lack of spine as he wades through the underbelly of society, he must decide whether to continue on amidst the gunfire and ruthlessness or risk everything he has in an attempt to be free. Whether he chooses the comfort of a familiar land or the freedom of being an outlaw, his decision will have lasting consequences on the crew who gave him a home.
 The year is 1580. Using an army of soldiers equipped with sophisticated weaponry, Nobunaga Oda is on the verge of ruling Japan with an iron fist. One of his enforcers is Ginnai Doma - a fallen samurai reborn into an indestructible killing machine.As Ginnai continues his killing spree on ninjas and those who oppose Nobunaga's rule, Shishimaru of the Iga Ninja - going against the Koga Ninja's plans - pursues a one-man vendetta to avenge the deaths of his comrades and kill the immortal warrior.
  Based on the story Booby-Trap from Shirow Masamune's manga Black Magic.When two top secret military robots are lost in an accident, Sybel, a free-lance video journalist, becomes involved in a dangerous military fiasco.One of the lethal M-66 units escapes with the mission to eliminate Ferris, the granddaughter of its creator. Time is running out as Sybel faces the deadly M-66 humanoid robot in an epic battle to save Ferris!
 Based on a media franchise that started with characters created by illustrator Fuke "Huke" Ryouhei and later inspired a song of the same name by Ryo, a music Kuroi Mato just got into junior high school, and on the first day, someone catches her eye; her classmate Takanashi Yomi.The two meet. The innocent and naive Mato. The mature Yomi. Seemingly opposites, but the time they spend together only strengthens a growing friendship. But as they go into their second year at the school, they get placed in separate classes, and they begin to grow apart.But somewhere simultaneously... In another world, a young girl, blue fire residing in her eyes, Black Rock Shooter faces another young girl; this one holding a jet-black scythe, Dead Master, and a battle to the death begins to unfold.



 Blade, a “Daywalker” vampire hunter who was born with human and vampire blood in his veins after a vampire attacked his mother, is visiting Japan on a mission. There, he not only confronts Deacon Frost, the vampire who killed his mother, but he also faces up against “Existence,” a mysterious organization of vampires modified by Frost.
 An anime adaptation of the Korean MMORPG (massively multiplayer online role-playing game) Blade and Soul.
 Blade and Soul Specials.
 Manji is a crass, violent samurai with a special ability
 Manji is an amoral swordsman, who has been cursed with eternal life. He has grown tired of living with all the death he has created. He has no skills other then those of killing, thus he forms a plan to regain his mortality
 After wandering through the desert for days, a bitter warrior named Munsu is lost and unable to continue. His life is unexpectedly saved by Mon-ryon, a young man who dreams of becoming a secret agent for Jushin, a once-great country that was recently destroyed.It is Mon-ryon's goal to save his girlfriend, Chunhyan, a born fighter who is held captive by the evil Lord Byonand.Then, from out of nowhere, blood begins trickling from Mon-ryon's chest. He has been fatally wounded by the Sarinjas, a cannibalistic breed of desert goblins. The quick-thinking Munsu convinces these beasts to spare his life, in exchange for the peaceful handover of Mon-ryon's appetising corpse.
 Los Angeles 2032. A young woman wakes up with no memories and possessing deadly skills. The only clues to her mystery are a locked data device and a tattoo of a black lotus. Putting together the pieces, she must hunt down the people responsible for her brutal and bloody past to find the truth of her lost identity.
 Los Angeles 2032. A young woman wakes up with no memories and possessing deadly skills. The only clues to her mystery are a locked data device and a tattoo of a black lotus. Putting together the pieces, she must hunt down the people responsible for her brutal and bloody past to find the truth of her lost identity.
 In 2022, an EMP detonation has caused a global blackout that has massive, destructive implications all over the world. Directed by Cowboy Bebop and Samurai Champloo's Shinichiro Watanabe, Blade Runner
 In 2022, an EMP detonation causes a global blackout that has massive, destructive implications all over the world. Directed by Cowboy Bebop and Samurai Champloo's Shinichiro Watanabe, Blade Runner
 The story takes place in a city where it's said that has thousands of levels.In a shutdown area, thousands of levels overlap each other, you couldn't tell the sky from the ground and you couldn't tell which way is up or which way is down. Maybe the original purpose of this story is to unravel the mysteries bound in this time and world. For the humans who found this vast rare multi-level city, the mysterious main character "Kirii" wanders to search for the "Net Terminal Genes" that were not infected. Kirii's burden and his search for the "Net Terminal Genes" is a goal like no other and is very much the mystery of this story. Log1~Log6 contains the story of Cibo that wasn't done in the original works. The Cibo who strayed away with Kirii and wanders about. A disc thrown away in the rubble. Cibo starts downloading. Just who's "Memory" will he end up with?
 In the distant technological future, civilization has reached its ultimate Net-based form. An "infection" in the past caused the automated systems to spiral out of order, resulting in a multi-leveled city structure that replicates itself infinitely in all directions. Now humanity has lost access to the city's controls, and is hunted down and purged by the defense system known as the Safeguard. In a tiny corner of the city, a little enclave known as the Electro-Fishers is facing eventual extinction, trapped between the threat of the Safeguard and dwindling food supplies. A girl named Zuru goes on a journey to find food for her village, only to inadvertently cause doom when an observation tower senses her and summons a Safeguard pack to eliminate the threat. With her companions dead and all escape routes blocked, the only thing that can save her now is the sudden arrival of Killy the Wanderer, on his quest for the Net Terminal Genes, the key to restoring order to the world.
 Faced with an outbreak of demonic blood, which transforms humans into insane and hideous creatures bent on violence and death, only one man can stand against the tide of destruction. Joseph Jobson, the only man able to control his cursed demonic form, must hunt down the man who cursed him and save the world from apocalypse.
 The story is set in a fictional Germany and centers around the outbreak of biomechanical creatures named "Demoniacs", who rise from corpses and attack people mindlessly. The Demoniacs have the ability to merge with most technology including cars and motorcycles, not only gaining control of them but also enhancing their performance greatly. Against them is a group of people known as XAT, Xenogenesis Assault Team, who police these Demoniacs in an attempt to keep the peace and discover the reasons for the "Demoniac" change. All the while, a number of human-turned-Demoniacs appear. Some use their powers for good whilst others for evil. One will rise above all other Demoniacs to become the "Blassreiter".
 The story is set in December of 2199, when the streets are full of anticipation for the end of the year and the start of the new one. Amid the celebrations, word spreads that Ragna the Bloodedge, an SS-class rebel with the highest ever bounty on his head, has appeared in the 13th Hierarchical City of Kagutsuchi. The apparent aim of Ragna or the “Grim Reaper” is the destruction of the system controlling the world. To collect the bounty, a motley array of unrivaled fighters converge on Kagutsuchi.
 The story is set in December of 2199, when the streets are full of anticipation for the end of the year and the start of the new one. Amid the celebrations, word spreads that Ragna the Bloodedge, an SS-class rebel with the highest ever bounty on his head, has appeared in the 13th Hierarchical City of Kagutsuchi. The apparent aim of Ragna or the "Grim Reaper" is the destruction of the system controlling the world. To collect the bounty, a motley array of unrivaled fighters converge on Kagutsuchi.
 The 3rd Huoli Shaonian Wang animated season. It follows an entirely new story and new characters unrelated to the previous seasons. The previous seasons metaphorical usage of magic/spirit/chi to visualize yoyo battles has now become literal. The yoyo toys have spirit animals within them and the cast tries to return them to their world before the villains use them for evil purposes.Leon has an argument with his classmate Gurido for trifle. At the advice of Catherine, Leon and Gurido decide to judge the victory or defeat through yoyo competition. The Daemon Tiger appears when Leon and Gurido begin to fight in the woods. Leon follows Daemon Tiger and work with it. With Daemon Tiger’s help, Leon defeats Gurido
 15-year-old Kurosaki Ichigo is not your everyday high school student. He has from as far he can remember always had the ability to see ghosts and spirits. A fateful day arrives as Ichigo encounters the shinigami Kuchiki Rukia, who saves him and his family from a Hollow at the cost of injuring herself. During this encounter, with Rukia unable to defeat the hollow she transfers her shinigami powers into Ichigo. In the aftermath, unable to continue with her job, Rukia allows Ichigo to take on the role of a shinigami in her place as they together defeat the Hollows plaguing Ichigo's town.
 In Karakura Town, there has been a sudden outbreak of unidentifiable spirits called blanks (vacant souls) while in the skies of Soul Society, the real world has been reflected. A mysterious female shinigami called Senna has appeared before Ichigo along with a man named Ganryuu, leading a group called the Dark Ones.
 When an artifact known as the "King's Seal" is stolen during transport from Soul Society, Hitsugaya Toushirou is assigned to retrieve it. Toushirou goes missing after a battle with the thieves, leading Seireitei to suspect him of treachery.They order his immediate capture and execution. Unwilling to believe him capable of such a crime, Ichigo, Rangiku, Rukia, and Renji set out to find Toushirou and clear his name. Meanwhile, Toushirou is still searching for the thieves, and stumbles upon a dark secret involving a shinigami long since dead.
 A mysterious reiatsu (spiritual particle) explosion occurs in the center of Seireitei in Soul Society, causing it to be destroyed. At the exact same time, a major change overwhelms Kuchiki Rukia, which leaves her losing something important inside.Urahara Kisuke sends Kurosaki Ichigo to Soul Society to investigate the disturbance. Upon reaching Seireitei, Ichigo is set upon and attacked by shinigamis, once allies, who have no memory of him and Rukia. Now alone and on the run, Ichigo must find the missing Rukia and uncover the cause of the mysterious incident before it's too late.
 "Hell" is the place where a person is sent to who committed violent crimes when they were alive. Shinigami are forbidden to go there. One day prisoners revolt and make their escape to Karakura - the real world - where Ichigo and his friends live in.Ichigo and his friends are defeated one after the other by prisoners with overwhelming power. A mysterious man appears who comes to their rescue. With Kokutou leading the way Ichigo, Rukia, Uryuu, and Renji marches into Hell to save the world.
 Kurosaki Ichigo, the temporary Shinigami(Death God) for Kuchiki Rukia, discovers his mother’s killer as one of the Hollows he has been hunting. He does battle with it in a prideful battle of revenge.This Special is actually a flashback of previous episodes in Bleach. After the ending credits, a short plays showing Shinigami and their Zanpakutos to “Number One” from the Bleach Soundtrack.
 Assigned to protect a royal procession transporting a powerful artifact called the "Ouin," Squad 10 gathers in the human world as Captain Toushirou Hitsugaya and Lieutenant Rangiku Matsumoto observe the area cautiously. However, the caravan is suddenly struck by a group of assailants who wreak havoc on the procession, stealing the Ouin in the process. After a brief clash with one of the attackers, the distraught Hitsugaya pursues the escaping thieves, leaving behind Matsumoto and the disoriented squad. Following the incident, the Seireitei brands Hitsugaya a traitor for abandoning his post and puts Squad 10 on indefinite lockdown.In the human world, Ichigo Kurosaki is investigating a spiritual abnormality when he stumbles across the injured Captain, but is caught off guard when Hitsugaya suddenly flees. Soon learning of the situation, Ichigo, Rukia Kuchiki, Renji Abarai, and Matsumoto set off to prove Hitsugaya's innocence and uncover the truth behind the theft of the Ouin. Meanwhile, a ghost from Hitsugaya's past haunts his thoughts as he chases down the true culprit.
 After a mysterious pair attack Rukia Kuchiki and erase her memories while she is in Seireitei, Ichigo Kurosaki, a substitute Soul Reaper, briefly forgets Rukia, until he is reminded of her by Kon, an Underpod Mod-Soul. Confused, he seeks his town's candy-shop owner, Kisuke Urahara, who opens the pathway to Seireitei for them. Ichigo is then shocked to find that his allies in Seireitei, the Shinigami of the Soul Society, have forgotten him.Filled with action, Kimi no Na wo Yobu follows Ichigo and Kon as they fight against their former comrades while searching for the missing Rukia and discovering her assailants before they strike again.

 In Karakura Town, there has been a sudden outbreak of unidentifiable spirits called "blanks" (vacant souls) while in the skies of Soul Society, the real world has been reflected. A mysterious female shinigami called Senna has appeared before Ichigo along with a man named Ganryu, leading a group called the "Dark Ones."
 Kurosaki Ichigo, the temporary Shinigami(Death God) for Kuchiki Rukia, discovers his mother's killer as one of the Hollows he has been hunting. He does battle with it in a prideful battle of revenge. This Special is actually a flashback of previous episodes in Bleach. After the ending credits, a short plays showing Shinigami and their Zanpakutos to "Number One" from the Bleach Soundtrack.
 Was it all just a coincidence, or was it inevitable? Ichigo Kurosaki gained the powers of a Soul Reaper through a chance encounter. As a Substitute Soul Reaper, Ichigo became caught in the turmoil of the Soul Society, a place where deceased souls gather. But with help from his friends, Ichigo overcame every challenge to become even stronger.
 Was it all just a coincidence, or was it inevitable?Ichigo Kurosaki gained the powers of a Soul Reaper through a chance encounter. As a Substitute Soul Reaper, Ichigo became caught in the turmoil of the Soul Society, a place where deceased souls gather. But with help from his friends, Ichigo overcame every challenge to become even stronger.When new Soul Reapers and a new enemy appear in his hometown of Karakura, Ichigo jumps back into the battlefield with his Zanpakuto to help those in need. Meanwhile, the Soul Society is observing a sudden surge in the number of Hollows being destroyed in the World of the Living. They also receive separate reports of residents in the Rukon District having gone missing. Finally, the Seireitei, home of the Soul Reapers, comes under attack by a group calling themselves the Wandenreich.Led by Yhwach, the father of all Quincies, the Wandenreich declare war against the Soul Reapers with the following message
 A Shinigami named Baishin who was sealed by Soul Society long ago is set free on Earth. On a fateful day Ichigo encounters him and has roughly half of his reiatsu drained. Its now up to Ichigo and the Soul Society to finally put a stop to Baishin and his destruction.
 Sakuranomiya Maika is, by nature, a person with bad luck and always gets into trouble, but knows Dino, who manages a cafeteria. However, it is not any cafeteria, and the waitresses have to act according to their "attributes."
 The peace of the world is suddenly threatened by Mogool, which is located on the bottom of the sea. Helqeen, tyrannical master of the Mogoolian Empire, attempts to conquer the earth with her faithful companions Goroskie and Zan-gack.In order to frustrate their ambition, Dr. Yuri, who predicted this horrible occasion, organizes four powerful robots to form the Blocker Corps! He also gathers four members who have the super ability known as "elepath" - a talent for maneuvering gigantic robots.A fierce battle begins between our Blocker Corps and Mogool at the risk of their lives! A series of fantastic and fabulous battles unfolds.
 Staz is the vampire boss of a section of the demon world, but he has little interest in human blood. He’s more infatuated with Japanese culture. When he learns that Yanagi Fuyumi, a Japanese teenage girl, accidentallywanders into the demon city, he jumps to the occasion. However, while Staz deals with an intruder on his turf, the oblivious Fuyumi is killed by a monster and becomes a wandering ghost. The disappointed Staz vows to her that he will find a way to bring Fuyumi back to life.
 Staz Charlie Blood is a powerful vampire who rules the Eastern district of Demon World. According to rumors, he is a bloodthirsty and merciless monster, but in reality, Staz is just an otaku obsessed with Japanese culture and completely uninterested in human blood. Leaving the management of his territory to his underlings, Staz spends his days lazing around, indulging in anime, manga, and games.When Fuyumi Yanagi, a Japanese girl, accidentally wanders through a portal leading into the demon world, Staz is overjoyed. But just as he is starting to feel an unusual attraction to her, his territory is attacked, resulting in Fuyumi's untimely death. She turns into a wandering ghost and the crestfallen Staz vows to resurrect her as this would mean being able to travel to the human world, something he has always dreamed of.Blood Lad follows Staz and Fuyumi, soon joined by the spatial magician Bell and the half-werewolf Wolf, as they travel to find a magic that can bring humans back to life.
 Staz is the vampire boss of a section of the demon world, but he has little interest in human blood. He’s more infatuated with Japanese culture. When he learns that Yanagi Fuyumi, a Japanese teenage girl, accidentally wanders into the demon city, he jumps to the occasion. However, while Staz deals with an intruder on his turf, the oblivious Fuyumi is killed by a monster and becomes a wandering ghost. The disappointed Staz vows to her that he will find a way to bring Fuyumi back to life.
 Bundled with the tenth limited-edition volume of Blood Lad manga.
 To avenge the woman and friends he loved, one lone warrior must seek out and slay his former comrade... but how do you kill someone who is already dead?The solitary ninja must find the answer to that very question, and the ancient secrets of the world's oldest clan of professional assassins are pitted against the forces of evil! From nightmarish battles in which blood-soaked clay literally becomes the feeding ground for the dark creatures that lay in wait beneath the surface of the earth, to flesh-eating stallions and shape-changing spiders.
 A terrible war has ravaged the land, and now, fueled by the blood of numerous fallen warriors the Yoma, demons from hell, emerge once more. A skilled ninja seeks to end the bloodshed these demons inflict upon humanity, but to do this he must fight against his undead former best friend and fellow ninja who was killed in battle and has been resurrected to serve the Yoma.
 Shrine is located in an old, picturesque lakeside town. Shrine maiden Kisaragi Saya lives there along with her father, Tadayoshi. By day, she lives the life of a normal high school student at Sanbara Academy. By night, she hunts the Old Ones. Possessing supernatural physical prowess, the Old Ones prey on humans, and only Saya has the ability to defeat them.
 Saya is a seemingly normal girl living with her father in a shrine. During the day she goes to school and spends time with her friends at a local cafe. But when night falls Saya is called upon to protect her village from strange monsters.
 A series of short specials aired on the official website prior to the movie release. It consists of an explanation about the anime from the perspective of the twin characters, Motoe Nono and Motoe Nene.An additional episode was aired at the Clamp Festival 2012. It was later included in Blood-C
 Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat.They have decided to take on Nanahara Fumito, a man who has great influence in the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about Tower, the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation.
 Teropterids are evil beasts which pose as humans and live only to drink human blood. Fortunately for the human world there are groups dedicated to destroying them. A brooding and mysterious girl named Saya is the best teropterid slayer there is, and now, in 1960s Japan, she is sent to a U. S. army base which may be infested...
 Teropterids are evil beasts which pose as humans and live only to drink human blood. Fortunately for the human world there are groups dedicated to destroying them. A brooding and mysterious girl named Saya is the best teropterid slayer there is, and now, in 1960's Japan, she is sent to a U. S. army base which may be infested...
 allies, and her chevalier, Haji, to rid the world of chiropteran and rediscover her identity. The course of the journey reveals the background history of the chiropterans and Saya’s very deep past, which extends into the mid-19th century.
 Throughout the passage of time and the shifts in backgrounds, a particular war continues to leave its mark on history, extending its influence into the modern world. There are two major groups involved in the ensuring war. The first group consists of monsters known as Chiropterans who can change their appearances into that of human beings. They are actually immortals who feed on the blood of the living. The second group is an organisation known as the "Red Shield", formed to track down these monsters and exterminate them. Otonashi Saya is a high-school girl who lives a peaceful life with her family. The only problem is, she has no recollections of her life beyond that of the past year. However, her happy life will be destroyed by an event that will lead her to her destined fate.
 60 years ago, a strange case of insomnia struck the population, forcing them to stay awake for more than a full week. The victims, completely sleep deprived, all went mad. To cure this illness, a new medicine was produced, but the side effects turned the patients into vampires. Humanity went to war against this new species and triumphed, but some of the vampires managed to survive. Born from a Human and a Vampire, the main character Mi Liu, “The Child of Hope”, is to represent the new hope that will connect the two species. Ringleader of a bank robbery, Mi Liu is arrested and transferred to a special prison of the National Defense Agency that monitors Vampires. Trying to break free with Anji, Mi Liu is attacked by strange monsters and he finds out that the prison location corresponds to the birthplace of Vampires, the old capital “Blue Town." Why are Vampires trapped in Blue Town? What are those strange monsters attacking them? Our heroes must fight to solve those mysteries.
 After human experimentation turns Kisaragi into a cyborg, he finds himself pressured by multiple organizations
 The city's academies are divided into their own districts and are considered mostly independent.The General Student Council acts as governing board to manage the academies as a whole. However, the group's ability to govern has come to halt since the mysterious disappearance of the General Student Council president. Countless issues have begun to surface throughout Kivotos in the absence of the president's leadership.To avoid disaster, the General Student Council requests assistance from the Federal Investigation Club, otherwise known as Schale. In fact, Schale is the city's newest club and the last to be approved before the president's disappearance.To accomplish its task, Schale relies on the guidance of a Sensei who can help them resolve the incidents around Kivotos.(Students are required to carry personal weapons and smart phones! Get a taste of the military action, love, and friendship the Academy City has to offer!)
 As Shu's village was being attacked by an unknown enemy, he and his friends, Jiro and Kluke decide to defend their home. They soon meet warrior Zola and receive the powers of Shadow, an ability that let's them transform their shadow into a powerful monster. Shu receives one of the most powerful monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy.
 After the events of the Blue Dragon series, Shu and Bouquet join a resistance group to fight General Rogi's army of invasion.They encounter a mysterious child , Noi, who has the power to revive Shu's shadow counter-part Blue Dragon, and save her from the pursuit of a red dragon. Now Shu and his company have to set foot once again on a journey to discover the purpose of the dragons, undergo their tests and stop the chains of events which threatens the fate of humanity.
 of Shadow, an ability that let’s them transfor thier shadow into a powerfull monster. Shu recives one of the most powerfull monsters, Blue Dragon, and they all set out to defeat their enemy.
 to go, she does and meets Hagino Sekonji. At first appearance, this girl appears like a normal student but inside her lies a deep secret that relates to the tragedy of 5 years ago.
 Five years ago, something horrifying happened on Kamioki Island. Something so nightmarish that it stripped all memory from Mari Wakatake's mind even as it left every other human on the island dead in its wake! Now enrolled against her will at an isolated girl's academy, Mari is unaware that hidden eyes are watching her, waiting for her memory to return. Buried in her psyche is the most terrifying secret of all
 It is a time of chaos. Earth is no longer what it used to be. It has been infested with a bug-like species called the Blue. Yuji Kaido, who has a mysterious disease, is put into suspended animation until a cure can be found.When he wakes up, Yuji learns that it has been more than 30 years since he was put into suspended animation, and the world is now controlled by these creatures. He then decides to join a group of soldiers fighting against the Blue in hope of a better future.
 "I will definitely become the world's best Jazz player!"Blue Giant follows Dai Miyamoto, who is a member of the basketball club. While attending junior high school one day, a friend takes him to a live jazz performance, which inspires him deeply. Thereafter, he begins practicing the tenor saxophone by himself, without the ability to read sheet music.Rain or shine, day or night, Dai continues to practice. During his first performance, he is criticized by the audience, however, Dai passionately blows away at his saxophone. A tale of reaching his goal recklessly and sincerely begins.
 Second-year high school student Yatora Yaguchi is bored with his normal life. He studies well and plays around with his friends, but in truth, he does not enjoy either of those activities. Bound by norms, he secretly envies those who do things differently.That is until he discovers the joy of drawing. When he sees a painting made by a member of the Art Club, Yatora becomes fascinated with the colors used in it. Later, in an art exercise, he tries to convey his language without words but instead through painting. After that experience, Yatora finds himself so invested in art that he decides that it is what he wants to do for a living. But there stand multiple obstacles in his way
 This is a story of connecting shining emotions.Joy, sadness, anger. Feelings are a power, invisible to the eye, that every person possesses. Sometimes this power is even capable of changing the world.Hiori Hirahara always has a positive attitude and can't leave people in trouble alone. Ruki Hanari is socially awkward, she wants to get along well with others, but she doesn't know how to go about it.How will the meeting of these two wildly different girls change not only them, but the world itself?
 Mini-series for Blue Reflection Ray with super-deformed characters posted on the official Twitter account and the DMM picture YouTube channel.
 Post-nuclear Earth is barren, and life can't survive on the surface, so the few remaining people have lived under-water waiting for their time to be able to go to the surface. Amamiku and her faithful computer guardians, Pyron and Mayzamik, guard the seeds that contain the DNA for life and re-growth on the surface when the air is breathable again, but not everyone wants that to happen.Read more at http
 Post-nuclear Earth is barren, and life can't survive on the surface, so the few remaining people have lived under-water waiting for their time to be able to go to the surface. Amamiku and her faithful computer guardians, Pyron and Mayzamik, guard the seeds that contain the DNA for life and re-growth on the surface when the air is breathable again, but not everyone wants that to happen.
 Momiji is an average girl until the day she finds she is the descendant of the great Kushinada family. Only she, with her Kushinada blood, can stop the Aragami, demonic plant-like monsters threatening to destroy Japan. Along to help her is the TAC, and a possible love interest in a young man named Kusanagi.
 Momiji is an average girl until the day she finds she is the descendant of the great Kushinada family. Only she, with her Kushinada blood, can stop the Aragami, demonic plant-like monsters threatening to destroy Japan. Along to help her is the TAC, and a possible love interest in a young man named Kusanagi.
 A renegade scientist in San Francisco has found a way to create a new creature called a Neo-Aragami without the power of Susanoo. When these monsters start to terrorize California, the U.S. turns to the old members of the Terrestrial Administration Center (TAC) for help.
 can stop the Aragami, demonic plant-like monsters threatening to destroy Japan. Along to help her is the TAC, and a possible love interest in a young man named Kusanagi.
 Episodes are extras shown on the video releases of Blue Seed in Japan. They take place after every other episode, such as Omake 1 follows episode 2

 The story centers on Tamaki Tsuru, who was on sports teams throughout her entire school life until high school, but is instead seeking an active romantic life once she enters college. However, a turn of events puts her on the path to joining her university's glider club at college.
 An original anime by Studio Trigger, BNA is set in a 21st century in which the existence of humanoid animals has been revealed to the world after living in the darkness for centuries. One day, a high school student named Michiru suddenly turns into a tanuki person. After going to live in Anima City, where she meets wolf Ogami Shiro, she goes on to investigate why she became an animal and gets mixed up in even stranger events in the process.
 Bo Bobo is a man with the incredible power of hearing the voices of hair and using his own to fight. He uses his power to fight off the Margarita Empire and all of EmperorTsuru Tsuruiina’s minions who are stealing the hair off of anyone they find to power up their emperor.
 Bo Bobo is a man with the incredible power of hearing the voices of hair and using his own to fight. He uses his power to fight off the Margarita Empire and all of EmperorTsuru Tsuruiina's minions who are stealing the hair off of anyone they find to power up their emperor.
 Hitori Gotou is a high school girl who's starting to learn to play the guitar because she dreams of being in a band, but she's so shy that she hasn't made a single friend. However, her dream might come true after she meets Nijika Ijichi, a girl who plays drums and is looking for a new guitarist for her band.
 Struggling manga author Satoru Fujinuma is beset by his fear to express himself. However, he has a supernatural ability of being forced to prevent deaths and catastrophes by being sent back in time before the incident occurred, repeating time until the accident is prevented. One day, he gets involved in an accident that has him framed as a murderer. Desperate to save the victim, he sends himself back in time only to find himself as a grade-schooler one month before fellow classmate Kayo Hinazuki went missing. Satoru now embarks on a new quest
 When tragedy is about to strike, Satoru Fujinuma finds himself sent back several minutes before the accident occurs. The detached, 29-year-old manga artist has taken advantage of this powerful yet mysterious phenomenon, which he calls "Revival," to save many lives.However, when he is wrongfully accused of murdering someone close to him, Satoru is sent back to the past once again, but this time to 1988, 18 years in the past. Soon, he realizes that the murder may be connected to the abduction and killing of one of his classmates, the solitary and mysterious Kayo Hinazuki, that took place when he was a child. This is his chance to make things right.Boku dake ga Inai Machi follows Satoru in his mission to uncover what truly transpired 18 years ago and prevent the death of his classmate while protecting those he cares about in the present.
 A world where it has been established that people routinely swing between slightly different parallel worlds...Koyomi Takasaki, who lives with his mother following his parents' divorce, enrolls in a local university prep school. Due to the atmosphere concentrated on studies and his social awkwardness, Koyomi is unable to make friends. One day, he is suddenly approached by his classmate Kazune Takigawa, who tells him that she has travelled from the 85th world where she and Koyomi are lovers.
 The fourth film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children Sensou Douwa (war story).
 Alice Sakaguchi once dreamt that she is another person living on the moon. The dream is so strange and so real that Alice can't stop thinking about it. She finds out that some of her classmates are having the same kind of dream. They soon discover that they had been seeing flashes of their past lives as a team of scientists on the moon. Alice and her friends then decide to find the other members and piece together what took place back then. Complications arise when they realize that everything that happened in their previous existence continue to haunt and affect their present lives.
 Midoriya Izuku was just a regular middle school student in a world where people with superpowers known as Quirks are the norm. However, he dreams of one day becoming a Hero, despite being bullied by his classmates for not having a Quirk. After being the only one to try and save his childhood friend, Katsuki, from a Villain, All Might, the world's greatest Hero, bestows upon him his own quirk, One For All. The story follows Izuku's entrance into Yuuei High School, a school that cultivates the next generation of Heroes.
 Midoriya Izuku was just a regular middle school student in a world where people with superpowers known as Quirks are the norm. However, he dreams of one day becoming a Hero, despite being bullied by his classmates for not having a Quirk. After being the only one to try and save his childhood friend, Katsuki, from a Villain, All Might, the world's greatest Hero, bestows upon him his own quirk, One For All. The story follows Izuku's entrance into Yuuei High School, a school that cultivates the next generation of Heroes.


 The second season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 The second season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Third season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Third season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Fourth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Fourth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Fifth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Fifth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Sixth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 Sixth season of Boku no Hero Academia.
 A picture drama epilogue to the film Boku no Hero Academia the Movie 2
 nder the doctrines of Quirk Doomsday Theory, the ideological group Humarise is convinced that all humans with quirks are diseased and must be eradicated. In order to rebuild the world, the group's extremists have constructed a lethal device known as a "Trigger Bomb" that causes people with quirks to lose control and die. Their leader, Flect Turn, evades capture from the Pro Heroes deployed around the world.During his work study in the country of Otheon with Japan's number one Pro Hero, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya is accused of a crime he did not commit. Unintentionally involving Roddy Soul, a local, Deku soon finds himself on the run with the boy. It is now up to Rody, Deku, and Deku's classmates to stop the Trigger Bomb plot set in motion by Flect, all while eluding the other persistent members of Humarise.
 Under the doctrines of Quirk Doomsday Theory, the ideological group Humarise is convinced that all humans with quirks are diseased and must be eradicated. In order to rebuild the world, the group's extremists have constructed a lethal device known as a "Trigger Bomb" that causes people with quirks to lose control and die. Their leader, Flect Turn, evades capture from the Pro Heroes deployed around the world.During his work study in the country of Otheon with Japan's number one Pro Hero, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya is accused of a crime he did not commit. Unintentionally involving Roddy Soul, a local, Deku soon finds himself on the run with the boy. It is now up to Rody, Deku, and Deku's classmates to stop the Trigger Bomb plot set in motion by Flect, all while eluding the other persistent members of Humarise.
 Short Special included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Boku no Hero Academia the Movie
 In this brand-new adventure, some Class 1-A students are sent to hone their survival skills at a training course. Having yet to receive their provisional licenses, they're eager to cut loose and have a little fun.They quickly discover that the danger they face is no simulation! It's going to take their combined training, teamwork, and quick thinking if they're going to pass this assignment!
 In this brand-new adventure, some Class 1-A students are sent to hone their survival skills at a training course. Having yet to receive their provisional licenses, they're eager to cut loose and have a little fun.They quickly discover that the danger they face is no simulation! It's going to take their combined training, teamwork, and quick thinking if they're going to pass this assignment!
 UA High School must regain the public's confidence after the surprise villain attack during class 1-A's training session. Although some of the teachers were gravely injured in the attack, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya and his classmates must continue to learn and train, and utilize their quirks in varying environments and circumstances.Boku no Hero Academia
 OVA bundled with the 14th manga volume.Story about a joint practice session between Izuku's class and Isami High students at Yuuei Academy, takes place after the field training arc in the second season.
 Kyousuke has been living apart from his younger sister Namika for ten years. One day, he begins to live with her, but she has turned into an energetic tsundere Osaka girl.
 After Shinozaki Haruka confesses to the Class Rep, Kousaka Akiho, he comes to find that the perfect class representative might be a little bit harder to handle than he previously thought!
 Bundled with the limited edition sixth manga volume.
 Bundled with the limited edition sixth manga volume.
 Kyoutaro Ichikawa may look like your average middle school student, but in his heart, he dreams of murder. Thus, it is no surprise that the one he wants to kill the most is never far off from his mind
 Seri Koyuki is just trying to have a normal school life, but instead he ends up acting as the straight man to his odd classmate, Kabuto Hanadori. Kabuto is is a delusional high school student, whose fantasies range from believing he is a knight on a journey, to claiming that removing his eyepatch will release a darker alter-ego who he refers to as Michael Offenbarung Dunkelheit. Seri is determined not to let himself get pushed around by Kabuto, but it seems that this will be easier said than done!
 Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting. That is how "Rinjinbu", The Neighbours' Club, was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along?
 Hasegawa Kodaka has transferred schools, and he's having a hard time making friends. It doesn't help that his blond hair tends to make people think he's a delinquent. One day, he runs into his bad-tempered solitary classmate Yozora while she's talking animatedly to her imaginary friend Tomo. Realizing that neither of them have any actual friends, they decide that the best way to alter this situation is to form a club and start recruiting.That is how "Rinjinbu", The Neighbours' Club, was formed, a club specifically designed for people who don't have very many friends. As other lonely classmates slowly join their little club, they'll try to learn how to build friendships through cooking together, playing games, and other group activities. But will this group of relationship-challenged misfits really be able to get along?
 On a hot day right before the summer vacation, all first-year male students of the second class from a junior high school disappear. Was it an accident? A group abduction? In fact, they were hiding in an abandoned factory near the river, and used it as a liberation area to rebel against the adults. The adults are in great confusion by the huge and unexpected operations cooperated by the female students; entangled with real abduction cases, a corrupted mayor election, and even involving parents and television reporters who are thrilled by the liberation broadcast and barricade. The comedy mystery progresses in a light tempo that doesn't give the audience a chance to breathe until the brilliant end that is full of satire.
 Mamoru Suzuhara is an introverted high school student who spends his free time reading up on modern warfare. Upon discovering that his crush, Aya Chiyono, is reluctantly moving away with her family next week, he musters enough courage to ask her to run away with him. Consequently, Mamoru, Aya, and four of their fellow classmates set out and camp in the abandoned Satomi Coal Factory. After enjoying themselves during their first day there, they come to the surprising conclusion that they may not be alone in the factory.Bokura no Nanokakan Sensou, based on the novel of the same name, is a coming-of-age story about an act of rebellion that evolves into a full-out war against the adults. Meanwhile, the children struggle to open up about their feelings and protect what they hold dear.
 In 2038, Yuuma Sawatari is an elementary school kid who loves everything about space and astronomy. He was initially excited when his parents bought a robot called Nanako, but he was disappointed when he learned that she was basically just a boring housekeeping robot. However, when he does finally try to talk to her about space, something strange happens. Her system crashes and is taken over by what claims to be a marooned alien ship! The alien ship wants Yuuma's help to get back to space!
 Usa, a high-school student aspiring to begin a bachelor lifestyle, moves into a new apartment only to discover that he not only shares a room with a perverted roommate that has an obsession for underaged girls, but also that another girl, Ritsu, a love-at-first-sight, is living in the same building as well!
 Unaired episode bundled on 7th Blu-ray/DVD volume of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou.
 The life of the once ordinary middle school student Sakura Kusakabe changed when an angel by the name of Dokuro-chan moved into his house. This heartwarming story of love, desire and... bloodshed continues as Sakura's normal everyday life slowly crumbles into a bloody mess.
 Hashiba Kyouya is a 28 year old game developer. With his company going bankrupt, and him losing his job, he returns to his hometown. Looking at the success of creators of his age, he finds himself regretting his life decisions as he lay distressed on his bed. But when he opens his eyes, he finds that he has travelled 10 years back to the time before he entered college.Will he finally make things right? This is a story about a failed person who is given a second opportunity to follow his dreams.
 His late father always said that a useless man should strive to be useful, so to that end, third-year high school student Nariyuki Yuiga dedicated himself to becoming a high-achieving student in his school, despite his history of poor grades. In order to give his destitute family a better life, his ultimate goal is to obtain the special VIP nomination, a prestigious scholarship covering all future university tuition fees. Although Nariyuki could feasibly be a shoe-in for the nomination, he is constantly overshadowed by classmates Rizu Ogata and Fumino Furuhashi in mathematics and literature, respectively.To his delight, Nariyuki receives the nomination, but there's a catch
 Second Season of Bokutachi wa Benkyou ga Dekinai.
  7.47Ranked #1741Popularity #3320Members 18,044OVAAdd to List Episodes
 Deep Space, many different cultures have come together to live on planet Jet. To keep the peace an organization known as the Jetters is formed. This space police group fight against the villains known as the "Hige hige dan" making sure that the universe is safe. The leader of the Jetters Mighty is a powerful Bomberman, who is looked up to and respected....his brother however is a lazy crude slacker named Shirobon. Suddenly Mighty disappears and Shiro finds himself placed in a new situation. Shiro steps up and become a responsible Bomberman, and with the new friends he made of the Jetters it may become possible for him to be the next "Jetters leader."
 The original story follows Sayuri Haruno, a girl who attends an elite confectionery school Fleurir on a scholarship to follow her dream to open a pastry shop. There she meets several charming young men.
 A sea otter and his friends, a raccoon and squirrel, live and play together in the forest.
 A sea otter and his friends, a raccoon and squirrel, live and play together in the forest.
 A light in the sky, followed by a strange aura and grisly murders. Each character tells there own connection to the event and to a similar murder spree 5 years ago. All of the different stories are slowly tied together by seemingly minute similarities and the story of Boogiepop is unraveled.
 Five years ago, a string of grisly murders shook the city to its core and now the rumors have begun once more. Boogiepop... Everyone knows about Boogiepop
 Five years ago, a string of grisly murders shook the city to its core and now the rumors have begun once more. Boogiepop... Everyone knows about Boogiepop
 Hiccup and his friends explore and add to their primary reference about dragons.
 The special anime adaptation of Boruto will be screening at Shueisha’s by-invitation anime event Jump Special Anime Festa 2016!
 Naruto was a young shinobi with an incorrigible knack for mischief. He achieved his dream to become the greatest ninja in the village and his face sits atop the Hokage monument. But this is not his story... A new generation of ninja are ready to take the stage, led by Naruto's own son, Boruto!
 Following the successful end of the Fourth Shinobi World War, Konohagakure has been enjoying a period of peace, prosperity, and extraordinary technological advancement. This is all due to the efforts of the Allied Shinobi Forces and the village's Seventh Hokage, Naruto Uzumaki. Now resembling a modern metropolis, Konohagakure has changed, particularly the life of a shinobi. Under the watchful eye of Naruto and his old comrades, a new generation of shinobi has stepped up to learn the ways of the ninja.Boruto Uzumaki is often the center of attention as the son of the Seventh Hokage. Despite having inherited Naruto's boisterous and stubborn demeanor, Boruto is considered a prodigy and is able to unleash his potential with the help of supportive friends and family. Unfortunately, this has only worsened his arrogance and his desire to surpass Naruto which, along with his father's busy lifestyle, has strained their relationship. However, a sinister force brewing within the village may threaten Boruto's carefree life.New friends and familiar faces join Boruto as a new story begins in Boruto
 Boruto is the son of the 7th Hokage Naruto who completely rejects his father. Behind this, he has feelings of wanting to surpass Naruto, who is respected as a hero. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation written by Masashi Kishimoto rises!
 Bundled with the limited edition of Blu-ray/DVD of Boruto
 Bundled with the limited edition of Blu-ray/DVD of Boruto
 Based on the book by Tony Wolf.The Fountain of Life is the source of all life forces in the Bosco World. Princess Apricot, who is supposed to become Queen of Fountainland-the Guardian of the Fountain of Life-is kidnapped by villains who aim to rule the Bosco World.If Princess Apricot can't take the queen's throne by the next solar eclipse, the Fountain of Life will dry up. The animals living in the forest of Bosco, including Frog, Otter and Tortoise, decide to help Princess and take her to Fountainland in order to protect their peaceful life in the Bosco World. So begins the journey in a balloon full of dreams, hope, adventures, and love!
 Protagonist who traveled through another world turned into a skeleton solider. The male protagonist is a novice. The hero is full of protagonist halo and various buffs. Protagonist aura , max critical damage, hyper luck! Amazing! Hero OS
 Kururu, Chiriri, Sarara, and Hororo are four little fairies that live inside bottles on their “Sensei”’s desk. Together, they have misadventures trying to understand the human world, seeking advice from the totally misinformed grade schooler next door.
 Bottom biting bug. Continuation of the gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family’s Biting Shop business.
 A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business.
 A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business.
 In deep space a battle wages between the forces of good and evil and the fate of the Earth hangs in the balance. The evil Neos Gold dispatches her invading forces towards Earth with only one aim
 Christopher Columbus is a man of strong will. His life is full of drama.Born in Genoa, he realizes his dream of becoming a sailor, dares to search for a new route, and finally reaches his goal, discovering a new land in the process.Sometimes in desperation, sometimes in excitement, his experiences are truly extraordinary.
 A great war occurred in the 20th century between humans and monsters. Since that time, the monsters rule the world in fear but keep relatively hidden from public view. A boy named Bokka ponders the past and wonders what became of the Meros Warriors who defended the world so bravely against the demons. He soon meets Kurofune and learns of the power of the Meros and the I-bar machines they ride in battle. Warriors are the only ones who can see and hear the Melody of Oblivion, a phantom girl hidden away waiting to be rescued and be the savior of mankind. During a battle between Kurofune and a demon, Bokka discovers something only his wildest dreams could possibly imagine...he too can hear that melody. Throughout his journeys, Bokka meets many monsters and their agents, friends, and companions as he discovers the true extent of his new powers. He must continue to battle evil in the hope of releasing Boukyaku no Senritsu and free a world that has forgotten its once beautiful melody.
 In the future, mankind has colonized the bleak expanses of the moon. Cities now stand proudly where there was once only desolation and emptiness. But there are alien forces that do not want mankind to succeed and only one man can stop them. He is a member of the Bounty Dog Investigation Unit, a high-tech cybernetic mercenary team.
 Modern-day bikers make and break alliances with neighboring gangs, fight over the right to use a local petrol station, and are eventually united under a powerful leader. It's a replay of the events of Japan's 16th-century civil war, but with bikes instead of horses and knives instead of swords. Based on the manga by Jiro Ueno in Weekly Playboy.
 There are two sides to every love story, and Boys Be... reveals what's really going on - from the guy's point of view!Meet three normal high school guys with just one thing on their minds
 In the not so distant future much of the earth has been submerged under the sea or destroyed by earthquakes. At the center of the turmoil is the mysterious Orphan. Orphan may or may not be the original cause of the cataclysms. Orphan`s goal is to raise a ship hidden deep beneath the sea to the surface, but doing so would result in the destruction of all humans except for the small number which are loyal to Orphan.Orphan`s agents pilot mysterious mecha known as Grand Cheres, and search the world for mysterious, giant disks which occasionally appear, flying at high speeds and wrecking much of the countryside, or cities, when they hit the ground. After a dying disc almost kills Hime, a Brain Powerd is born from the disc. Brain Powerds are another type of Mecha, similar to but not the same as Grand Cheres.Hime becomes the Brain Powerd`s pilot, forming a symbiotic relationship with the living mecha and joins an International Organization dedicated to stopping Orphan, or at the very least saving humanity should Orphan succeed.
 In the not so distant future much of the earth has been submerged under the sea or destroyed by earthquakes. At the center of the turmoil is the mysterious Orphan. Orphan may or may not be the original cause of the cataclysms. Orphan`s goal is to raise a ship hidden deep beneath the sea to the surface, but doing so would result in the destruction of all humans except for the small number which are loyal to Orphan.Orphan`s agents pilot mysterious mecha known as Grand Cheres, and search the world for mysterious, giant disks which occasionally appear, flying at high speeds and wrecking much of the countryside, or cities, when they hit the ground. After a dying disc almost kills Hime, a Brain Powerd is born from the disc. Brain Powerds are another type of Mecha, similar to but not the same as Grand Cheres.Hime becomes the Brain Powerd`s pilot, forming a symbiotic relationship with the living mecha and joins an International Organization dedicated to stopping Orphan, or at the very least saving humanity should Orphan succeed.
 Wouldn't it be great fun for an animated series to focus on the lively workings of the insect world, just as children started exploring the wonders of nature for themselves? Brainy Bubbly Bug Buddies, Fantawild's new 104-episode series, spins charming tales from the woods to the wetlands, spotlighting a bustling colony of creepy-crawlies-and the cheerfully troublesome frog they count as neighbor and friend. Amid the insect-adventures, audiences will get a bug's-eye view of the habits and habitats of actual insects of many kinds, and will learn how these creatures thrive in their environments. Imagine children everywhere sitting down to be entertained, and getting up with a new understanding of the world around them! In Brainy Bubbly Bug Buddies, characters thrive in a lush wetland paradise. Among its inhabitants are Bartle Bee, the fencing-master bumblebee; Flutterby, the elegant butterfly; Strobe and Sparkle, the heart-of-gold firefly brothers; and McBroom, the hardest-working beetle in the land. The Marsh is always buzzing with activity, and little viewers will be captivated by the lively blend of action and discovery to be found in its colorful environs. Our exoskeletal heroes bring their collective skills and ingenuity to bear on life's challenges in The Marsh, and in the end, they are rewarded for their efforts. Young learners are thus reminded that problem-solving is often best accomplished as a joint effort-and, coincidentally, that we live in a vast world worthy of exploration at even the most minute level of existence. Regular visits to The Marsh will delight and intrigue, all while nurturing children's budding quest for knowledge-and imbuing them with a healthy respect for life in the natural realm.
 The story reimagines the legendary adventures of the 10 brave warriors assembled by the warlord Sanada Yukimura in the year 1600, in the middle of Japan’s tumultuous Sengoku (Warring States) era.
 Hibiki Kazaguruma, a sixth grader, meets an amusing little robot named Bureikin while coming home from school one day. Bureikin, a dancer from an alternate-dimension dance world, challenged the dance king for the throne and lost. He has been deprived of Dance Stones (the stones of dance power) and sent to the human world. To restore his power, Bureikin must collect all the Dance Stones scattered around Earth.
 Wataru is a 10-year-old fifth grade elementary school student. His grades are so-so and he is a meek and unassertive boy, easily manipulated by girls. One day his father runs off with a mistress, leaving Wataru and his mother behind.In shock, his mother suffers an accident and is near death. Broken-hearted, Wataru enters a neighbourhood building that is reputedly haunted. The building actually is the entrance to a delusional world called Vision, in which Wataru must master magic techniques and collect hidden treasures to meet a goddess, who, it is believed, can make wishes come true. Together with new friends he meets there, Wataru's magnificent journey through Vision begins...
 When 11 year old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to hospital, he decides to change his fate by travelling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate".
 In September 1944, allied forces led by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing "Strike Witches" successfully eliminate the Neuroi threat from the skies of the Republic of Gallia, thus ensuring the security of western Europe. Taking advantage of this victory, allied forces begin a full-fledged push toward central and eastern Europe. From a base in Petersburg in the Empire of Orussia, the 502nd Joint Fighter Wing "Brave Witches," upon whom mankind has placed its hopes, flies with courage in the cold skies of eastern Europe.
 In September 1944, allied forces led by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing "Strike Witches" successfully eliminate the Neuroi threat from the skies of the Republic of Gallia, thus ensuring the security of western Europe. Taking advantage of this victory, allied forces begin a full-fledged push toward central and eastern Europe. From a base in Petersburg in the Empire of Orussia, the 502nd Joint Fighter Wing "Brave Witches," upon whom mankind has placed its hopes, flies with courage in the cold skies of eastern Europe.
 The episode takes place between seventh and eighth episode and will be screened in theaters on May 13, 2017. The episode will also be bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of the anime, releasing on August 25, 2017.
 In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens.
 In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens.
 Summary
 Second Break Blade movie.
 Third Break Blade movie.
 DVD/BD extra.
 Humans have the power to release their potential under various conditions. Those who break through the wall named the limit... That is a para-athlete! Boys and girls who met heretic sports scientist, Narita Ren, got hints from Narita. As a para-athlete, a hot story that grows by opening the door to potential.
 Marin is a typical junior high school girl with a sunny disposition and a loving adoptive family. Her life takes a drastic change when an mysterious mirage is seen in the sky above the entire earth. Killer androids called Monomakia descend to earth from the formation in the sky called Brigadoon and begin to hunt down little Marin. She discovers a blue bottle in a shrine as she seeks escape and from the bottle comes a protector, a sword carrying gun slinging alien called Melan Blue, together they must save the earth and deal with family crisis, school prejudice and the police and come to an understanding of Marins past and Melans unexplained mission, as well as learn to trust each other. Set in 1969 Japan with a colorful cast of friends and enemies.
 Marin is a typical junior high school girl with a sunny disposition and a loving adoptive family. Her life takes a drastic change when a mysterious mirage is seen in the sky above the entire earth. Killer androids called Monomakia descend to earth from the formation in the sky called Brigadoon and begin to hunt down little Marin. She discovers a blue bottle in a shrine as she seeks escape and from the bottle comes a protector, a sword carrying gun slinging alien called Melan Blue, together they must save the earth and deal with family crisis, school prejudice and the police and come to an understanding of Marins past and Melans unexplained mission, as well as learn to trust each other. Set in 1969 Japan with a colorful cast of friends and enemies.
 In the early years of Japan's Meiji Restoration, a human ronin must unite with an orc assassin to save an elf orphan from their common adversary.
 In the early years of Japan's Meiji Restoration, a human ronin must unite with an orc assassin to save an elf orphan from their common adversary.
 Brotherhood is a prequel to the Final Fantasy XV role-playing game.
 Hinata Ema is the only daughter of a famous adventurer, Hinata Rintarou. One day, Ema learns that Rintarou is going to remarry with a successful apparel maker named Asahina Miwa. Since she doesn't want to disturb them, Ema decides to move out and live with her 13 new brothers in a mansion called Sunrise Residence. As they live under the same roof, romance is starting to grow between Ema and the Asahina brothers.
 According to its official site, Brothers Conflict will get two OVAs about Christmas and Valentine's Day released in 2014 and 2015. New OP and ED songs by the same singers will be presented in these two OVAs.
 Two Brothers Conflict OVAs about Christmas and Valentine's Day. New OP and ED songs by the same singers were presented in these two OVAs.
 Ema finds a special lamp that her father left for her. Ema and the brothers rub the lamp to find that something peculiar happens in front of them.
 Ema finds a special lamp that her father left for her. Ema and the brothers rub the lamp to find that something peculiar happens in front of them.
 In the blink of the mind's eye, Ryouta Sakamoto suddenly finds himself transported from playing the hit Btoom! video game to being stranded on a mysterious island, equipped with a day's worth of provisions, a bag of bombs, a strange crystal embedded in his left hand and a huge gaping hole in his memory. But it doesn't take long to figure out what's going on, especially after the first person Ryouta meets tries to kill him. Someone is attempting to recreate the ultra-violent Btoom! game in real life, and the island has been filled with an army of other unwilling players, each armed with one of the multiple variants of explosive weapons called BIM. Fortunately, Ryouta's an ace Btoom! player, but this insane version of the game has no reset switch or second lives, and there's only one way off the island

 The financial talent Wang Ke was accidentally brought to the Shenzhou Star by the ancestral sword. With the help of his family's blazing sun, he drove low and walked high, and worshiped the fairy gate. He thought he would make a fortune, but he didn't want to be involved in the two turbulent undercurrents of righteousness and evil. Relying on his talent and wit, Wang Ke made every step of the way, won the hearts of beauties, built a business empire, stepped on the road of defending the way and eliminating demons step by step, and eventually became the immortal king.
 In a Tokyo where gravity has broken, a boy and a girl are drawn to each other...The story is set in Tokyo, after bubbles that broke the laws of gravity rained down upon the world. Cut off from the outside world, Tokyo has become a playground for a group of young people who have lost their families, acting as a battlefield for parkour team battles as they leap from building to building.Hibiki, a young ace known for his dangerous play style, makes a reckless move one day and plummets into the gravity-bending sea. His life is saved by Uta, a girl with mysterious powers. The pair then hear a unique sound audible only to them.Why did Uta appear before Hibiki? Their encounter leads to a revelation that will change the world.
 In a Tokyo where gravity has broken, a boy and a girl are drawn to each other...The story is set in Tokyo, after bubbles that broke the laws of gravity rained down upon the world. Cut off from the outside world, Tokyo has become a playground for a group of young people who have lost their families, acting as a battlefield for parkour team battles as they leap from building to building.Hibiki, a young ace known for his dangerous play style, makes a reckless move one day and plummets into the gravity-bending sea. His life is saved by Uta, a girl with mysterious powers. The pair then hear a unique sound audible only to them.Why did Uta appear before Hibiki? Their encounter leads to a revelation that will change the world.
 The saga of the Knight Sabers continues as the group tries to find out who or what is behind the recent string of robberies, murders, and Boomer malfunctions which are somehow related to the creation of an advanced artificial intelligence. Furthermore, it seems that the Knight Sabers may be breaking up.
 The saga of the Knight Sabers continues as the group tries to find out who or what is behind the recent string of robberies, murders, and Boomer malfunctions which are somehow related to the creation of an advanced artificial intelligence. Furthermore, it seems that the Knight Sabers may be breaking up.
 In the near future, Tokyo was left flattened as a result from a great earthquake. A new city, MegaTokyo, was then recreated due in no small part from the aid of a multi-million dollar company, Genom Corp. Genom created and mass-produced biomechanical creatures called Boomers to aid in the restoration of MegaTokyo. When the Boomers began to run out of control, the ADPolice at first tried to stop them, but they proved to be far more difficult to deal with than was first imagined. Under the ever looming Boomer threat, a group of four girls from varying degrees of society banded together. Calling themselves The Knight Sabers, they were the only ones with enough firepower and resourcefulness to defend the fledgling MegaTokyo from Genom and its berserk Boomers.
 In the near future, Tokyo was left flattened as a result from a great earthquake. A new city, MegaTokyo, was then recreated due in no small part from the aid of a multi-million dollar company, Genom Corp. Genom created and mass-produced biomechanical creatures called Boomers to aid in the restoration of MegaTokyo. When the Boomers began to run out of control, the ADPolice at first tried to stop them, but they proved to be far more difficult to deal with than was first imagined. Under the ever looming Boomer threat, a group of four girls from varying degrees of society banded together. Calling themselves The Knight Sabers, they were the only ones with enough firepower and resourcefulness to defend the fledgling MegaTokyo from Genom and its berserk Boomers.
 After a mysterious eathquake levels Tokyo, Genom becomes a powerful influence providing their artificial organic lifeforms called Boomers to rebuild and act as a labor class to humanity. However, some of them ocasionally run amok, and even the specially created AD Police are at a loss to stop them. Lina Yamazaki travels to Tokyo for employment but also hopes to join a vigilante force called the Knight Sabers, who pilot powered suits to destroy these rogue Boomers.
 When Azuma Ikki returns to Japan after 10 years, he gets assaulted by a group of armed men and becomes their prisoner. Kogane Asabuki, a childhood friend, saves him with a weapon on her right hand known as Bubuki; a weapon with its own mind. Azuma Ikki, who is a Bubuki user himself, learns about the existence of Bubuki and goes on a journey alongside the companions he has found, in an attempt to find and revive Oumai, a Buranki (titan) who sleeps underground.
 Sequel of Bubuki Buranki.
 To all his schoolmates, Jin comes across as a hot-headed class clown from typically barging in late and sleeping the whole way through to always responding to any situation with reckless stupidity. The fact that he used to be the charismatic leader of a legendary biker gang has turned into an urban legend; however, after starting a rivalry with the captain of the school baseball team, he and two former members, become their star players. But it's not long before his past catches up to him...
 Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions.
 17-year-old Sayako Amanokawa aspires to become a journalist, just like Kanemoto, an elite newspaper writer she looks up to. But Kanemoto, shamed from an erroneous report about a corruption scandal, jumps in front of a train and commits suicide. Since that incident, Sayako suddenly becomes able to see spirits and almost loses her life. However, from that near-fatal incident she experiences something extraordinary. The journalist inside her stirred, she embarks to find out about the truth. But the forces that stand in her way turn out to be much more formidable than she ever imagined.
 The story will revolve around the friendship and coming-of-age of two boys. It begins with Aoba Watase, a boy who goes to high school in Tokyo and lives a carefree daily life. On the morning of his school’s opening ceremony after summer vacation, he goes to campus as usual, but he has a chance encounter with another boy.
 Sequel of Buddy Complex.
 Two professional contract criminals are up for their biggest mission yet
 Two professional contract criminals are up for their biggest mission yet
 Shizuku Ishiai uses dance as a form of self-expression, and she feels it is when she can truly be herself. Adapting the pseudonym "Ai Shizukuishi," the middle school student uploads videos of herself dancing to a website called "Smile Douga." To conceal her identity, Ai dresses a boy.After gaining popularity online, Ai decides to further her passion by attending a dance audition. It is here that she catches the attention of "dance prince" Kazanami Hayate, a well-known male dancer who is initially oblivious to the fact that Ai is a girl. The two end up in an idol group called "Buddyz" and participate in an all-male dance competition, but amidst their rivalry, Hayate discovers Ai's secret. To make matters more complicated, he begins to develop romantic feelings for her!
 2nd Broadcast of Buddy Go! of Oha Suta!

 "I can see it. The way I can win...""This time I will beat him. So come at me again... accept! 'Bloom, gambler of souls!'"In New Kyoto, a city governed by the "King," one's worth is determined by his or her strength in the Build Divide trading card game. Rumors swirl about New Kyoto and its King."If you defeat the King in Build Divide, any wish will be fulfilled." And in order to challenge the King, one must participate in the TCG battle known as Rebuild, and the "Key" must be completed.Everyone has a wish they long to have fulfilled. Teruto Kurabe, a boy who vows to take down the King, and Sakura Banka, the mysterious girl who guides him, throw themselves into the Rebuild battle. With New Kyoto as the stage, the curtain rises and the battle begins for Teruto and his friends!
 Second season of Build Divide.
 On planet Earth, a galaxy alliance was formed. Together with the good planets of the solar system, they maintained peace throughout the universe. Until a new horrible menace threatened the galaxy and Voltron was needed once more.
 A large scale catastrophe is occurring across the planet. Ability users are discovered after the appearance of a mysterious fog, apparently having committed suicide, so the Armed Detective Agency sets out to investigate these mysterious deaths. The case seems to involve an unknown ability user referred to as "Collector," a man who could be the mastermind behind the incident.Trust and courage are put to the test in order to save the city of Yokohama and ability users across the world from the grip of Collector where the Armed Detective Agency forms an unlikely partnership with the dangerous Port Mafia.
 The "battle action" story Bungou Stray Dogs centers around a league of literary figures with supernatural powers. For example, in real life, Akutagawa Ryuunosuke wrote acclaimed stories that inspired Kurosawa Akira's Rashoumon film and the Aoi Bungaku Series anime's Jigoku Hen (Hell Screen) arc. In Bungou Stray Dogs, he has the power to transform and manipulate his cloak into a monster-like entity. Together, these writers solve mysteries as part of the "Armed Detective Agency."
 For weeks, Atsushi Nakajima's orphanage has been plagued by a mystical tiger that only he seems to be aware of. Suspected to be behind the strange incidents, the 18-year-old is abruptly kicked out of the orphanage and left hungry, homeless, and wandering through the city.While starving on a riverbank, Atsushi saves a rather eccentric man named Osamu Dazai from drowning. Whimsical suicide enthusiast and supernatural detective, Dazai has been investigating the same tiger that has been terrorizing the boy. Together with Dazai's partner Doppo Kunikida, they solve the mystery, but its resolution leaves Atsushi in a tight spot. As various odd events take place, Atsushi is coerced into joining their firm of supernatural investigators, taking on unusual cases the police cannot handle, alongside his numerous enigmatic co-workers.
 Nakajima Atsushi was kicked out of his orphanage, and now he has no place to go and no food. While he is standing by a river, on the brink of starvation, he rescues a man whimsically attempting suicide. That man is Dazai Osamu, and he and his partner Kunikida are members of a very special detective agency. They have supernatural powers and deal with cases that are too dangerous for the police or the military. They're tracking down a tiger that has appeared in the area recently, around the time Atsushi came to the area. The tiger seems to have a connection to Atsushi, and by the time the case is solved, it is clear that Atsushi's future will involve much more of Dazai and the rest of the detectives!
 Third season of Bungou Stray Dogs.
 Third season of Bungou Stray Dogs.
 Fourth season of Bungou Stray Dogs.
 Fourth season of Bungou Stray Dogs.
 Power users around the world are suddenly committing suicide one after another, in all cases after a strange fog appears at the scene. At a request from Ango Sakaguchi, the Armed Detective Agency head out to investigate Tatsuhiko Shibusawa, a power user who calls himself "collector", and a man suspected of being tied to the incident.
 A large scale catastrophe is occurring across the planet. Ability users are discovered after the appearance of a mysterious fog, apparently having committed suicide, so the Armed Detective Agency sets out to investigate these mysterious deaths. The case seems to involve an unknown ability user referred to as "Collector," a man who could be the mastermind behind the incident.Trust and courage are put to the test in order to save the city of Yokohama and ability users across the world from the grip of Collector where the Armed Detective Agency forms an unlikely partnership with the dangerous Port Mafia.
 Bundled with the 13th volume of the Bungou Stray Dogs manga.
 Bundled with the 13th volume of the Bungou Stray Dogs manga.
 You are in a world where you can meet famous Japanese historical writers. With a party composed of other writers, you delve into tainted books to purify them, unlock secrets, and gain new allies.
 Famous writers throughout history find themselves being reincarnated by a mysterious, unseen entity known as the Alchemist. With their souls confined and bound to an expansive library, they are tasked by the Alchemist to jump into books to purify the pages of monsters called Taints. Along the way, they must also rescue and recruit fellow authors trapped within the very stories they themselves had written.Although the writers take on new and powerful forms for this endeavor, some still maintain a semblance of who they once were, while others struggle to remember their pasts and the works they had penned. Despite there being no apparent end to their grand mission, they remain committed to the cause in hope of resolving the mystery behind their collective resurrection as well as questions that have haunted their former lives.
 Historically, 72% of all the deaths in London are related to dragons, fantastical beings invisible to the majority of the people. While unknown to most, some people have been standing up to these dragons.Only inhabitants of Reverse London who live in the hidden "reverse" side of London can see the dragons. Even then, only a selected few become qualified enough as witches or wizards to make direct contact with them.The protagonists of the story are witch duo Noel Niihashi and Ninny Spangcole. They are protection agents for Wing Bind (WB), an organization for dragon conservation and management. Their mission is to protect and manage the dragons within London on behalf of the people.
 Historically, 72% of all the deaths in London are related to dragons, fantastical beings invisible to the majority of the people. While unknown to most, some people have been standing up to these dragons.Only inhabitants of Reverse London who live in the hidden "reverse" side of London can see the dragons. Even then, only a selected few become qualified enough as witches or wizards to make direct contact with them.The protagonists of the story are witch duo Noel Niihashi and Ninny Spangcole. They are protection agents for Wing Bind (WB), an organization for dragon conservation and management. Their mission is to protect and manage the dragons within London on behalf of the people.
 Follows the exploits of Team Warrior, a special anti-terror wing of the Neo-Tokyo Police force. Team Warrior is comprised of the habitually broke Rio, gun-crazy Maya, computer specialist Lillica, tech-expert Nanvel, piliot/voyeur Yuji, and is led by the enigmatic Maki. The team faces a number of missions, ranging from bodyguard duty, breaking up robbery and arms rackets, and providing security for a very powerful tank. Rio and company continually thwart the terrorist aims of Ruby, an operative for a shadowy cabal of powerful men. Before the final showdown, the circumstances behind the formation of Team Warrior, how the precocious Rio came to join it, and Maki's painful past will be revealed.
 AD. 2023, Tokyo. Because of the change of the society such as internationalization and enlargement of the trading, the dark side of the society also continues changing. The criminals are getting deep, and their organizations are increasing its size, then the peace and security is getting worse. The government takes it seriously, and decides to introduce an innovative system. In order to cope with the special criminals, an extralegal police is founded. It is a special criminal team, Warriors, which consists of a few elite members
 AD. 2023, Tokyo. Because of the change of the society such as internationalization and enlargement of the trading, the dark side of the society also continues changing. The criminals are getting deep, and their organizations are increasing its size, then the peace and security is getting worse.The government takes it seriously, and decides to introduce an innovative system. In order to cope with the special criminals, an extralegal police is founded. It is a special criminal team, Warriors, which consists of a few elite members.
 To the unsuspecting eye Maki, Reimi and Yuka may not look like ace crime fighters, which might explain why they're stuck on traffic patrol instead of more "exciting" police duties.All that changes when Yuka gets herself kidnapped by a white slave organization run by a politically connected businessman who's got the rest of the police cowed.Now it's up to Maki and Reimi to don skin-tight battle armor, liberate a tank, and make sure that a certain slaver learns that when you play with fire, you're going to get your ass burned!
 To the unsuspecting eye Maki, Reimi and Yuka may not look like ace crime fighters, which might explain why they're stuck on traffic patrol instead of more "exciting" police duties.All that changes when Yuka gets herself kidnapped by a white slave organization run by a politically connected businessman who's got the rest of the police cowed.Now it's up to Maki and Reimi to don skin-tight battle armor, liberate a tank, and make sure that a certain slaver learns that when you play with fire, you're going to get your ass burned!
 When crime and terrorism go out of control in Tokyo, the police unleash Team Warrior - a band of highly-skilled and completely reckless band of female cops. Featuring loose cannon Rio, triggerhappy Maya and ace hacker Lilica, Team Warrior will get the job done, regardless of the budget of the mission.
 One night after leaving a club where he was playing trumpet, Ryou Takagi is jumped by a motorcycle gang. The scuffle spills out into the streets and causes a traffic accident. Because of this, Ryou is arrested and forced to do time. Upon his release, he has developed into a skilled boxer but trouble continues to find him.

 The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream. However, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her. However, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart.The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart", a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt", an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master.
 High school freshman Rihito, who just came back from abroad, started a new life in Japan with his four Busou Shinki, female action figures with weapons.
 The story will follow the coming of age and Shinki battles of Tsubasa, a boy who dreams of becoming a Shinki Master, and his Shinki partner Arnval Mk. 2.
 The Private Aichi Symbiosis Academy was originally a high school for high-class girls. When it became co-ed, the girls, out of fear, asked to be permitted to bring weapons to school. When that was enforced, a five-member vigilante corps-like organization called the "Supreme Five Swords" was also formed.After many generations, the five swords eventually became a group which corrected problematic students, and the academy started proactively accepting such students in order to correct them.Nomura Fudou was sent to this school after being part of a huge brawl. What will he do when the only options he has after enrolling are being expelled from that school or being corrected the way the rest of the male students there were...by being forced to dress and act like a girl!
 The Private Aichi Symbiosis Academy was originally a high school for high-class girls. When it became co-ed, the girls, out of fear, asked to be permitted to bring weapons to school. When that was enforced, a five-member vigilante corps-like organization called the "Supreme Five Swords" was also formed.After many generations, the five swords eventually became a group which corrected problematic students, and the academy started proactively accepting such students in order to correct them.Nomura Fudou was sent to this school after being part of a huge brawl. What will he do when the only options he has after enrolling are being expelled from that school or being corrected the way the rest of the male students there were...by being forced to dress and act like a girl!
 An unappealing otaku awakens in the body of a pig after he passes out while eating raw pig liver. The pig finds himself in the company of Jess, an innocent girl who can read people's minds, and she accepts him despite his boorish thoughts... although she does plan to eat him. When Jess is in danger of succumbing to a dark destiny, can Pig save her using only his quick wits, wisdom, and refined sense of smell?
 Our heroine Mari is an innocent, boy-shy, devoutly Christian young girl who's just entered a religious high school. When her best friend is kidnapped by a mysterious cult, Mari prays to the Virgin Mary for help. Instead, the Buddha shows up and tells her that she's going to be a magical girl.But not just any magical girl, mind you...none of this fuku-wearing, pink-wand-waving crap. She is presented with a sumo-style loincloth (magical, of course) and instructed to go kick bad guy butt. Being a good little Christian girl, the Buddha has to talk Mari into it, but she grudgingly agrees to bare her ass for the sake of her friend. And so Butt Attack Punisher Girl Gotaman was born! Villains beware her mighty ass of justice! Wedgies only make her stronger! Not even Darth Veda sumo can withstand her mighty posterior!
 Embarrassed to be the only member of the Electric Brain Study Society who doesn’t own a computer, Akira Takaoka is thrilled when an electronics store advertises a PC9821 for only ninety-eight thousand yen. The deal is limited to the first five customers; unfortunately, by the time Akira gets there, the PCs are sold out. However, a mysterious man in the back alley offers him the exact same deal. Akira takes the deal, only to realize that this PC is not a 9821 version, but a 2198 version instead. It turns out that the PC2198 is an advanced bio-type computer that needs a nearly constant input of sperm to function!The PC2198, named Mimi, now has to defend Akira from the evil Apple Nacintosh sisters who want to take over the entire Japanese PC market. Will the embarrassed Akira be able to supply Mimi with what she needs to win?
 Embarrassed to be the only member of the Electric Brain Study Society who doesn’t own a computer, Akira Takaoka is thrilled when an electronics store advertises a PC9821 for only ninety-eight thousand yen. The deal is limited to the first five customers; unfortunately, by the time Akira gets there, the PCs are sold out. However, a mysterious man in the back alley offers him the exact same deal. Akira takes the deal, only to realize that this PC is not a 9821 version, but a 2198 version instead. It turns out that the PC2198 is an advanced bio-type computer that needs a nearly constant input of sperm to function!The PC2198, named Mimi, now has to defend Akira from the evil Apple Nacintosh sisters who want to take over the entire Japanese PC market. Will the embarrassed Akira be able to supply Mimi with what she needs to win?
 Christopher "Chris" Chiaki is an easygoing guy who keeps failing his college entrance exams well into his mid-twenties. His days are occupied with Kendo practice, visits to his family's shrine, and dreaming of his high school reunion. When his spirit is suddenly transported to the world of Byston Well, Chris becomes Garzey's Wing, a legendary holy warrior. The Metomeus tribe summoned him to help liberate them from slavery, but unfortunately, Chris has no knowledge on how to be a holy warrior, and moreover, only has an incredibly dull sword which he salvaged from a corpse.To make matters more complicated, there is another Chris who is still in the normal world! He cannot control the events in Byston Well, but is tied to the fate of the other Chris. The young man must struggle and adventure in a world of magical creatures and mysterious foreigners.
 Christopher "Chris" Chiaki is an easygoing guy who keeps failing his college entrance exams well into his mid-twenties. His days are occupied with Kendo practice, visits to his family's shrine, and dreaming of his high school reunion. When his spirit is suddenly transported to the world of Byston Well, Chris becomes Garzey's Wing, a legendary holy warrior. The Metomeus tribe summoned him to help liberate them from slavery, but unfortunately, Chris has no knowledge on how to be a holy warrior, and moreover, only has an incredibly dull sword which he salvaged from a corpse.To make matters more complicated, there is another Chris who is still in the normal world! He cannot control the events in Byston Well, but is tied to the fate of the other Chris. The young man must struggle and adventure in a world of magical creatures and mysterious foreigners.
 A collection of animation that highlights the Sickness (increasing stupidity) that is plaguing this generation
 As we enter the 21st century, the relationship between sports and technology is getting closer and closer. Sports products are enhanced by technological advances. The designs of footballs and football shoes require detailed information and computer tests in order to produce products that will allow us to reach the full potential and beyond. If we were only reliant on human testing, the standards would definitely fluctuate greatly. Thus, Professor GGO was brought in as consultant in the research, and as a result GGO robotic footballers were created.
 In the year 3015, the great nations Donatia and Kouran divide the world in a cold war as they fight for supremacy. Amidst this standoff is the island country Nil Kamui, which has lost its independence. Red Dragon, the guardian god of Nil Kamui, goes out of control. Will the island country manage to regain its independence?
 In 3015, the year of Huanli, two countries, Donatia and Kouran, are embroiled in a war of supremacy that is tearing the world around them apart. The small island Nil Kamui has suffered exceptionally from the war, with lands conquered in the name of each kingdom and stolen away from the people. To make matters worse, their deity, the Red Dragon, has gone mad, rampaging about Nil Kamui burning villages and killing people indiscriminately.Ibuki, a descendant of Nil Kamui's royal family, resides at an orphanage and refuses to take on the role of king. Abhorring conflict, Ibuki desires a peaceful resolution, however the chaotic world will not allow for such pacifism when it is being torn asunder by war. Despite his reluctance, Ibuki is drawn deep into this conflict. Can he rise to the occasion and save his country?
 The Golden Crow appears in this world, burns all the wastelands, shocks all ages, and controls everything! Prince Jinwu, reincarnated, caused countless shocks in the heavens and worlds, the king was reborn, and started all over again!
 Shibuya, Japan, 2008. Takumi Nishijou, a high school student at the Private Suimei Academy, one day hears about the 'New Gen' murders that have been occurring around the city. Although dismissing the subject because it doesn't involve him, Takumi begins to experience strange mishaps around him, from a horrific picture he received while on his PC, to a mysterious Pink-Haired girl standing at a murder scene.From there on Takumi struggles to cope with the events unfolding around him, and is soon unaware of what is real or a delusion. As his fate opens up before him, the perpetrator behind the 'New Gen' events attempts to find him, leading him into a world where nothing is as it seems.
 A gravure idol, Asada Misako, plays the main character Charady. Other characters are played by the students of Kyoto University of Art and Design Department of Character Designing. It is a short comedy animation about jokes from all parts of the world.
 Ken Izumi is a kid who can charge his powers from surrounding light sources and use them through a laser type gun.
 The story centers around the special abilities that occur among a small percentage of boys and girls in puberty. Yuu Otosaka uses his power without others knowing, and lives a fairly normal, average school life. Before him suddenly appears a girl, Nao Tomori. Due to his meeting with her, the fate of special power-users will be exposed.
 Extra episode bundled with the seventh Charlotte Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Takehito Kumagami's clairvoyance leads his group of friends to another child with supernatural powers
 One day, a corporate slave Reiji, suddenly got transported to another world. He made the best of his skills to make better potions, which earned him lots of money, and with that money, made a drugstore! An Elf who has trouble aiming with his bow? Give him some eye-drops! A Dragon who always let breathes out fire unintentionally? Don't worry, we have cough medicine for you! Reiji's new, fun, slow life as a pharmacist in a village drugstore starts now!!
 In a world where people are sorted since childhood depending on the results of their exams, only those who excel in education obtain happiness. Learning Types (those who prioritize study) and Cheating Types (those who prefer to climb the educational ladder by cheating) occasionally cooperate with each other, but there exists a great rivalry between them. The story follows C Type student Shokatsu Mumei and L Type student Ou Koui who struggle together to pass tests.
 Megumi-chan is a girl with a secret past. She used to be a boy until she met a person she thought was a magic user. This person gave him/her a magical book from which a genie appears to grant one wish when blood is applied to it. Megumi made the wish to be a man in a man’s body but the genie has a twist
 The story revolves around the "slightly odd and cute" members of a cheerleading squad at a men's university.
 The story revolves around the "slightly odd and cute" members of a cheerleading squad at a men's university.
 Kanoko (nicknamed Nocco) is a young girl, living alone with Yuzuru and Yuki, two young male housekeepers, who could not be more different. While Yuzuru is kind and refined, Yuki is rude and crude. They try to keep their unusual family together in the face of conflict and misunderstanding.
 Chi is still living with the Yamada family, but they decide it isn’t fair to force her to hide indoors in their “no pets allowed” apartment. So they decide there is only one thing is to be done, Chi must move away for her own happiness.

 Chii is a kitten that accidentally got separated from its mother, and is now unable to find its way back home. Chii is found by a young boy called Youhei and his father and mother, who then give it a home, but what Chii really wants is to return to its mother.
 The combined 22nd and 23rd issue of Kodansha's Morning magazine, which will go on sale on April 28, has announced a new 3D CG anime of Kanata Konami's slice-of-life manga Chi's Sweet Home. It is scheduled to air in Fall 2016.

 Sawada Honoka is a 14 year old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now?
 Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio
 Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio
 Chibi Maruko chan is the nickname of a sweetly obnoxious 9-year-old girl. She tricks her grandfather, ponders for hours over how to spend her allowance, and hates sitting next to ugly boys. She talks, feels and lives just as real kids do.As the second term commences, Maruko and her classmates return to their small groups. Maruko’s group includes two naughty boys and Maruko is forced to be one of their subordinates. She seems to face a lot of pressure at school.As the school’s athletic meet approaches, all the classmates are busy exercising. Maruko is no exception, although her laziness means that she is late sometimes. Maruko realizes that the two boys rival each other in everything they do, and that their friendship is deep and strong.
 Mini anime for Tokyo Revengers released on anime's official YouTube channel.
 Chieri is a 6th grade elementary school girl. Her father died when she was little, so she lives with just her mother. The only friend of Chieri had been a stuffed doll Cherry which she found on a storehouse at the time of her father's funeral. In Chieri's world of fantasy, Cherry had talked and played with, and adviced and protected her in place of her father. Chieri visits her grandmother's house for a first time in a while to attend her father's remembrance ceremony. There, she finds a stray dog being about to give birth to puppies. But a crow and strange monster come trying to get the pups. Can Chieri and Cherry save their lives?
 Chihaya Ayase, a strong-willed and tomboyish girl, grows up under the shadow of her older sister. With no dreams of her own, she is contented with her share in life till she meets Arata Wataya. The quiet transfer student in her elementary class introduces her to competitive karuta, a physically and mentally demanding card game inspired by the classic Japanese anthology of Hundred Poets. Captivated by Arata's passion for the game and inspired by the possibility of becoming the best in Japan, Chihaya quickly falls in love with the world of karuta. Along with the prodigy Arata and her haughty but hard-working friend Taichi Mashima, she joins the local Shiranami Society. The trio spends their idyllic childhood days playing together, until circumstances split them up.Now in high school, Chihaya has grown into a karuta freak. She aims to establish the Municipal Mizusawa High Competitive Karuta Club, setting her sights on the national championship at Omi Jingu. Reunited with the now indifferent Taichi, Chihaya's dream of establishing a karuta team is only one step away from becoming true
 Third season of Chihayafuru.
 Winning the high school team tournament was a great accomplishment for the Mizusawa members. Each of them has made great strides in improving themselves, and the victory symbolizes how far they've come. But after accomplishing one goal, their individual aims are within reach. Chihaya Ayase has her sights set on Wakamiya Shinobu and the title of Queen, and now that Taichi Mashima has made it into Class A, he can finally compete against Arata Wataya. Everyone in Mizusawa wants to get better, and there's no telling what the future holds if they keep trying.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The third film in Shin-Ei's series of annual WWII themed anime television movies for children "Sensou Douwa" (war story).
 Alfred J Kwak (Dutch, it takes place in Holland) lost his parents, brothers and sisters when he was young. He was raised by a mole. The series covers the life of Alfred from the day he is born. In his life Alfred tries to help all sorts of animals all over the world. The series are meant to entertain children and teach children about life, covering historical aspects like WW II.
 Modest Heroes will consist of three shorts by three different directors
 Modest Heroes will consist of three shorts by three different directors
 Tiny schoolgirl Chiiko develops a crush on older boy Saly and believes herself to be his girlfriend, although Saly is already involved in a love triangle with a girl called Tonko.

 Noi Asano’s Chiisai Oyaji Nikki (Tiny Old Man’s Diary) manga will receive a television anime adaptation under the name Chiisana Ojisan starting in October. Kachidoki Studio (Litchi DE Hikari Club, Nukko.) is animating the series, which will premiere on Chiba TV.
 Long ago, in a little Viking Village called Flake, young Wickie lives a happy life. His father, Halvar, is the chief of the Vikings, and would have liked a son a little more courageous. So, he and his team take Wicke along on their journeys to give him the experience he'll need to be a real Viking. Yet, somehow Halvar and his men end up trapped or hopelessly stuck somewhere in most cases, and it`s up to Wickie alone to help them out with his flashes of wit.
 Long ago, in a little Viking Village called Flake, young Wickie lives a happy life. His father, Halvar, is the chief of the Vikings, and would have liked a son a little more courageous. So, he and his team take Wicke along on their journeys to give him the experience he'll need to be a real Viking. Yet, somehow Halvar and his men end up trapped or hopelessly stuck somewhere in most cases, and it`s up to Wickie alone to help them out with his flashes of wit.
 A demon has emerged deep beneath Tokyo. The governor of Tokyo and his escort unit go to inspect but are trapped underground. Surrounded by darkness with nowhere to go, people lose their reason and become consumed by the demon.
 A demon has emerged deep beneath Tokyo. The governor of Tokyo and his escort unit go to inspect but are trapped underground. Surrounded by darkness with nowhere to go, people lose their reason and become consumed by the demon.
 The "Waruchin Ceremony" has been stolen from All Star, a planet that exists in the outskirts of space. The computer that is built into it is programmed to make anything possible. The thief is actually the villain, Doctor Bell. Doctor Bell schemes to invade the other planets through the use of Waruchin. The prince of All Star, Prince Chikkun, together with his trusty advisor, the intellectual Takkun, decides to head towards Earth in pursuit of Doctor Bell.
 The Daichis are a family in danger of tearing itself apart. Dissatisfied and money obsessed mom Seiko has served wimpy and otaku dad Mamoru with divorce papers. Daughter Nozomi who has always been saddled with all the housework, feels pained that everyone is using her. The youngest albeit most foul mouthed, Dai is forced to watch all this as everything is going to pieces. However when the Galaxy Federation recruits the Daichis to combat alien threats to the wellbeing of the Earth, it will be a chance for the family to save the world and maybe themselves.
 The Daichis are a family in danger of tearing itself apart. Dissatisfied and money obsessed mom Seiko has served wimpy and otaku dad Mamoru with divorce papers. Daughter Nozomi who has always been saddled with all the housework, feels pained that everyone is using her. The youngest albeit most foul mouthed, Dai is forced to watch all this as everything is going to pieces. However when the Galaxy Federation recruits the Daichis to combat alien threats to the wellbeing of the Earth, it will be a chance for the family to save the world and maybe themselves.
 Twelve years ago, an alien force known as the Heterodyne attacked earth. In a defensive response, the government contracted to have a robot built to help defeat this monstrous foe. The contract was awarded to the lowest bidder, the Heterodyne never reappeared and now the idle unused Dai-Guard has been assigned to the corporate marketing department as the central attraction to a theme park. And when a Heterodyne does reappear, it falls upon three marketing department employees to activate the Dai-guard robot and engage the enemy.The rash and impulsive Akaji and a reserved and refined Aoyama, team up with Ibuki, a long time coworker and friend to engage and defeat this alien enemy. With a profit/loss margin in mind, the company decides to create a new marketing department sub-unit, designed to use the Dai-Guard robot in the defense of Japan. The work relationship between Akaji, Ibuki and Aoyama allow them to be the best of friends, and a most troublesome combat team.Office workers saving the world!!
 January 16, 1995. Tsuyoshi Takahashi, a young student at Shiokaze elementary, is driven solely to get excellent grades. Because of this he often ignores those around him in his pursuit of perfection. Miho, a young girl in his class that wishes he would appreciate the people around him. Kazu a sickly and bed ridden classmate that lives near him. January 17, the 1995 Kobe / Hyogoken-Nanbu Earthquake strikes killing more than 6000 people and leaving 300 000 more homeless. Measuring 6.9 on the Richter Scale, it was the largest Earthquake to hit Japan since the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923. In the aftermath of the quake, Tsuyoshi's finds his priorities changing. Dealing with the death of one friend while helping another to cope with a very personal loss, Tsuyoshi is forced to mature into someone who can no longer ignore the suffering around him.
 6.85Ranked #4164Popularity #3015Members 24,968Winter 2001TVSatelightAdd to ListSelectEpisodes
 Juna was just an ordinary high-school girl, right up until the day she died in a motorcycle accident. But there, in the twilight of death, she saw the future of the barren earth destroyed by the Raaja, and was offered a second chance at life if she would stop them. Now she must learn to cast aside her thoughtlessly destructive ways and face her destiny as the Avatar of Time, the one being who can decide the fate of the planet.
 In the year 2045, Internet and artificial intelligence have become widespread in the outer space. Following a massive accident at a space station, a group of children are left behind. Using narrowband and SNS, low intelligence AI, and smartphone-controlled drones, they overcome numerous crises.
 In the year 2045, Internet and artificial intelligence have become widespread in the outer space. Following a massive accident at a space station, a group of children are left behind. Using narrowband and SNS, low intelligence AI, and smartphone-controlled drones, they overcome numerous crises.
 Children of Ether follows Rhonda, a woman with a dark past and a mysterious power, as she is pursued by an unknown assailant after the death of her father. Aided only by her wits and a pair of orphans, Rhonda journeys through a decaying, dystopian metropolis populated by raiders, gangs, and the supernatural. As she struggles to survive in this harsh urban tangle, she meets both friends and enemies, and searches for answers about this power, "The Ether", awakening within her.
 Strange sounds in the darkness... Unearthly music from an old crystal radio... These are all the warning Asuna Watase has before a simple walk to her clubhouse catapults her into a nightmarish adventure that will take her beneath the Earth to a lost land beyond the realm of legend! Attacked by a strange monstrous creature, rescued by a mysterious stranger and pursued by a relentless enemy, Asuna finds herself enmeshed in a centuries old mystery that will bind her to a strange young defender and lead her inevitably, towards a secret that may hold the key to life itself!
 The series follows Kou Ootori, an ordinary high school student who experiences a recurring nightmare of being eaten alive by a beast from within. However, when he meets Reiichi Kuki, an upperclassman who controls the school, the curtain of fate unravels.
 The "heart-warming comedy" anime centers on Chimimo, who is a messenger of hell and a shape-shifting evil demon. Chimimo is one of 12 evil demons whose mission is to turn the human world into hell. The 12 demons along with "Hell-san" go to the human world, but Hell-san and Chimimo become freeloaders to a family of three sisters named Mutsumi, Hazuki, and Mei.
 A goofy comedy series with various stories featuring the same set of characters.
 Chirin, a newborn lamb, and his mother live a peaceful life in a meadow. As long as they stay inside the fence that protects them and the rest of the flock, they are free to frolic and graze on the delicious clover leaves. However, their idyllic life is shattered when a wolf named Wor attacks them in the dead of night, killing Chirin's mother.Struggling to process his mother's death, Chirin swears to become a wolf himself in order to avenge his mother, unaware of what this transformation would cost him.
 Chirin, a newborn lamb, and his mother live a peaceful life in a meadow. As long as they stay inside the fence that protects them and the rest of the flock, they are free to frolic and graze on the delicious clover leaves. However, their idyllic life is shattered when a wolf named Wor attacks them in the dead of night, killing Chirin's mother.Struggling to process his mother's death, Chirin swears to become a wolf himself in order to avenge his mother, unaware of what this transformation would cost him.
 Foxes Ken and Chin become the proud parents of cubs, Koro and Kan, who enjoy a carefree life on the northern Japanese island of Chironup. They befriend a fisherman and his wife but are forced to run for their lives when soldiers on a military exercise decide to take home some fox pelts as souvenirs. A sweet little film that obliquely symbolizes the plight of Japan's aboriginal Ainu people and the northern islands that have been contested with Russia since they were occupied by Stalin's soldiers in 1945.
 In 1912, a young woman tracks down the elderly Nagakura Shinpachi, determined to hear the true story of the Demon of the Shinsengumi, the Vice Commander Hijikata Toshizou. Hijikata's story begins in 1859, when he is a violent young man that is honing his sword skills while peddling his family's medicine. Soon, in his quest to find stronger people to fight, Hijikata starts to come into contact with others who will eventually be his comrades in the Shinsengumi. The first one to make an impression on the brash young man is Kondo Isami, who proves to be a better fighter than Hijikata.
 Inside a majestic museum, a young warrior gets attacked by shadow beasts born from people's fear and uncertainty over what they don't know. The warrior fights against them using the energy charger on his waist, but soon the energy runs out. In this desperate situation, he finds a new, unexpected source of power.
 Chitose is an 11-year-old girl who is madly in love with an older guy named Hiroshi. He works at the town hall right next to the school and Chitose spends every day relentlessly pursuing him. Can Chitose ever convince Hiroshi to go out with her?
 Chitose is an 11-year-old girl who is madly in love with an older guy named Hiroshi. He works at the town hall right next to the school and Chitose spends every day relentlessly pursuing him. Can Chitose ever convince Hiroshi to go out with her?
 Ruthless sorcerer Chivas Scotch is hired by a count named Cuttlefish to destroy an evil monster attacking a nearby village. But things go awry when Chivas fails to destroy the monster and he's forced to transfer his spirit in the body of his beautiful servant Gin Fizz.
 In the future, personal computers have developed into "Persocoms", mobile computers that look like human beings. Hideki Motosuwa, a prep school student, desperately wants to buy a Persocon but cannot afford to. One day he finds a Persocom that has been thrown away and decides to keep it. When he turns on the Persocom, all she can say is "Chi" so he decides to name her that. After a while it starts to become apparent that Chi is more than an average Persocom. Having much better performance, it seems that Chi might be a "Chobit", a type of advanced Persocom rumored to have independent thought.
 When Hideki Motosuwa leaves his apartment and accidentally forgets his wallet, Chii takes the wallet and follows him, leaving Sumomo and Kotoko alone in the apartment. It doesn’t take long time until Sumomo discovers that Chii forgot her panties, so Sumomo and Kotoko sets out on an adventurous trip to return the panties to Chii.
 When Hideki Motosuwa leaves his apartment and accidentally forgets his wallet, Chii takes the wallet and follows him, leaving Sumomo and Kotoko alone in the apartment. It doesn’t take long time until Sumomo discovers that Chii forgot her panties, so Sumomo and Kotoko sets out on an adventurous trip to return the panties to Chii.
 Chocolate and other sweets have been banned thanks to the political reign of the Good For You Party, and the new laws are enforced strictly, with force if need be. Smudger and Huntley are two teen boys determined to eat chocolate again. They search out rumored chocolate bootleggers, eventually starting their own chocolate underground distribution.
 Haruma Kawagoe is an only child. A long time ago, at Christmastime, his mother miscarried the child that was to have been his baby sister. That night, young Haruma knelt down and offered up an earnest prayer
 Mix Masters Final Force is the second season of the original mix masters show. In this story, Ditt forgets that he was a mix master. But when the time comes to save the world once again, he finds new friends to help him in his battle against Eva and Babel, the two new antagonists.
 Twenty thousand years before the creation of mankind, two tribes-Plazmans and Sazorions-came to the earth. The bellicose Sazorions tried to conquer the peaceful Plazmans using the dreadful power of the Scorpio in outer space.Twenty thousand years later-at some time in the future-Dr. Godo, the only survivor of the Plazmans, secretly prepares Ginguiser, the combined magic robot troop, to defend peace in the event that the Sazorions are revived. Dr. Godo commands four brave young men to acquire occult super powers.Each episode of this series features a sequence of fabulous and fantastic battles. These scenes cannot fail to arouse the interest and excitement of the audience, and will be certain to catch every eye.
 A series of anime shorts for the Kemono Friends 3 arcade and smartphone game.

 By 2030, Shotaro's son was in charge of Tetsujin-28. An Interpol agent like his father, he used the aged robot to combat the Pink Mafia and the Franken organization.
 From out of nowhere, a mysterious alien race known as the Boazan Forces has invaded the Earth. A group of individuals specially trained to handle this kind of situation has been unleashed. Kenichi, Ippei, Daijirou, Hiyoshi & Megumi are the pilots of the Choudenji Machine Voltes V (5), Earth's defense against the Boazan and their terrible Beast Warriors. The plot thickens as the Go Brothers discover their true heritage and the truth behind their father's disappearance. Conflicts and mixed emotions hinder the Go Brothers at times but due to their unwavering desire to find their dad, they must go to the place where it all started. With the help of the rebels based on Earth and on the aliens' homeworld, the Voltes Team has another mission, remove the tyrant Zu Zanbajil and liberate the people of Boazan.
 The first of Tadao Nagahama's Romance Super Robot Trilogy. (#2
 This eccentric anime comedy tracks the adventures of middle school girls and their mysterious companions as they attend a junior high school situated in Kashiwa town. With humorous plotlines and interconnected narratives, the audience is taken on a journey through the town's charisma, as well as its local occurrences and landmarks.
 A gag anime set in Kashiwa, featuring high school girls and mysterious creatures.
 Original videos featuring the cast of Chou Futsuu Toshi Kashiwa Densetsu that showcase local businesses in Kashiwa.
 Cho Hatsumei Boy Kanipan is a continued story from Hatsumei Boy Kanipan. Kanipan is now a teenager, and still a famous inventor. But one day, a mysterious ship fell from the sky and crashed at a beach. Inside was a female humanoid that has forgotten all about herself. It is up to Kanipan to revive the humanoid's memory, and he accidentally discover that his planet is in great danger as he strived.
 Koto unknowingly seals away the Sun Goddess Amaterasu, and now she is in a different world and can't return. Meeting priestesses who combat the evil in this strange place she learns that Black Towers throughout the land keep Amaterasu sealed away and are guarded by evil monsters. Koto must now find a way to help defeat these monsters and return the world to the way it was.
 Super High Speed Galvion features mecha designs by Ohata Koichi (of Gunbuster fame). In the 23rd century billionaire Midoriyama Rei creates a secret organization called Circus to combat a hidden group called Shadow that is taking over the world. When she can't find qualified pilots for Circus' main mecha, the Galvion, she cuts a deal with two convicts, Mu and Maya, to lead the fight against Shadow.
 Hikaru has always believed herself to be just a normal high school girl...well, as normal as a teenager with a genius mad scientist for a father. She spends her time with her best friend, day dreaming about the boy she loves and watching her favoite super hero show. One day, the past that she has knows nothing about comes back to haunt her. She is shocked to learn that she is the last surviving member of royal line from a far away planet. Even more, she finds out that she has been protecting the ultimate armour and that it can decide the fate of the entire galaxy.
 Hikaru has always believed herself to be just a normal high school girl...well, as normal as a teenager with a genius mad scientist for a father. She spends her time with her best friend, day dreaming about the boy she loves and watching her favoite super hero show. One day, the past that she has knows nothing about comes back to haunt her. She is shocked to learn that she is the last surviving member of royal line from a far away planet. Even more, she finds out that she has been protecting the ultimate armour and that it can decide the fate of the entire galaxy.
 Shiratori Nagisa is a pink haired singing idol, continually badgered by her father to find new disciples for the family dojo. In an attempt to gain free-time as a normal kid, she cuts her hair and cross-dresses as a high-school boy. "Ootori Nagisa" enrolls in a run-down school, falling in love with a rival school's gang leader, Nosaka Akira. She soon finds out Nosaka-kun is a fan of Nagisa - The Idol. Keeping up the charade, they manage to sneak time together. Rivals for Nagisa's affection, BOTH their dojo-running fathers, as well as martial artist animals and an up-in-coming Idol conspire to make thier lives a complicated as possible.
 After the battle with Doakuder at Soukaizan (the "other" world where the rainbow has disappeared because of the devils), a demon world Devil came to Genseikai (human world) and stole Wataru's conscience. Because of that, Wataru's heart of justice and his memories of being Kyuuseishu (world savior) vanished. After Shibaraku and Himiko brought him back to Shinbukai (the "other" world, where Soukaizan is located), Wataru regained his memories, however his conscience was still missing. To get it back, Kyuuseishu Wataru must return to fight the devils, rescuing all of Soukaizan from catastrophe!Chou Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru is the 3rd work of the Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru TV series by SUNRISE, and is considered as a "remake" series of the previous Wataru series. It started airing from October 2, 1997, and ended on September 24, 1998, every Thursday from 6
 The series will follow the descendant of Kobayashi from Edogawa Ranpo's series of detective novels.
 A hot-blooded high school teen, a mysterious female swordsman, and an unpredictable dark emo girl. It's impossible to distinguish between reality and the game world! What kind of conspiracy is awaiting them in this super journey of the world!
 As former mortal enemies, what will happen to Neptune and Arfoire living together at an eggplant farm?
 Neptune takes the lead and preps for Planeptune's Cosplay Party! But by the end of her preparation, she's completely womped!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune
 This is Gamindustri. Beings called the Goddesses rule the countries of this unreal world. The four Goddesses govern four states
 This is Gamindustri. Beings called the Goddesses rule the countries of this unreal world. The four Goddesses govern four states
 Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune
 By the year 2120, humans have successfully colonized other planets following the near devestation of Earth from the last great world war. However, on Gloire, one such colony are surprised and unprepared at the arrival of The Zor, a group of beings whom were the original inhabitants of the planet and left following similar near fatal events. Coming to reclaim their former home world, a relentless war erupts between both races that ultimately leads to a cataclysmic showdown and into a no-win scenario for either.
 Getting caught up in a gang fight would be a bad day in anybody's life. But for high school student Sami Yoshino, things go from bad to worse as she finds herself thrown across time and space to unknown worlds. Now she's caught up in a gang fight of biblical proportions, between the divine masters of the universe and the demons who seek to destroy it. As it turns out, Samy hides phenomenal cosmic powers within her, and the demons will stop at nothing to suppress it. Can Samy ever escape the conflict and return to being a normal girl, or is the whole universe going to die?
 In the year 2062, the world's two superpowers are fighting a long and brutal war. In a desperate attempt to win, pilot Kei Katsuragi is given the mission to detonate a super weapon called the Space/Time Oscillation Bomb. The bomb explodes but the results are completely unexpected
 Years of political tension and mistrust between the two rival nations of Zafran and Revillia escalate to the point of war. Each nations solution
 Years of political tension and mistrust between the two rival nations of Zafran and Revillia escalate to the point of war. Each nations solution
 Seven high school students that got caught in an airplane accident wake up, in a middle age like fantasy different world where magic and beast-man (juujin) exist.But they do not panic at their current situation!?They build a nuclear plant in a world without electricity, they control the economy of a large city in a short work's trip, and finally for their benefactor's sake who are suffering from the misgoverment, they declare war on the evil nobles.So... none of them is a normal high school student, each of them are super human high school students that stand at the top of politics, economics, science and medicine!This is a story of a dream team that possess earth's greatest wisdom and technology, that without any self-restraining bring a revolution to a different world with over-technology
 Seven high school students that got caught in an airplane accident wake up, in a middle age like fantasy different world where magic and beast-man (juujin) exist.But they do not panic at their current situation!?They build a nuclear plant in a world without electricity, they control the economy of a large city in a short work's trip, and finally for their benefactor's sake who are suffering from the misgoverment, they declare war on the evil nobles.So... none of them is a normal high school student, each of them are super human high school students that stand at the top of politics, economics, science and medicine!This is a story of a dream team that possess earth's greatest wisdom and technology, that without any self-restraining bring a revolution to a different world with over-technology
 The story circulates around a mysterious and dangerous island referred to simply as "G". A long time ago, a powerful god named Gestalt was banished to the earth and he had found refuge in the island known as G. To utter the name for which it stands is forbidden, for people were so afraid of the wrath of the god that they considered his name a curse. Father Oliver is a priest who has left his order and traveled to the island of G in order to discover the truth behind it. He ends up making the acquaintance of a young girl named Ohri, who turns out to be quite adept in magic.Meanwhile, the head of the order has hired a dark elf named, Suzu, to track down Oliver and bring him back. Suzu finds him easily enough. However, she hadn't anticipated the powerful sorceress in his company, Ohri. The girl disposes of Suzu for the moment, and she and the Father continue on. As if things weren't rough enough, the island of G has it's share of monsters and magic-users to get in the way of their travels.
 The story circulates around a mysterious and dangerous island referred to simply as "G". A long time ago, a powerful god named Gestalt was banished to the earth and he had found refuge in the island known as G. To utter the name for which it stands is forbidden, for people were so afraid of the wrath of the god that they considered his name a curse. Father Oliver is a priest who has left his order and traveled to the island of G in order to discover the truth behind it. He ends up making the acquaintance of a young girl named Ohri, who turns out to be quite adept in magic.Meanwhile, the head of the order has hired a dark elf named, Suzu, to track down Oliver and bring him back. Suzu finds him easily enough. However, she hadn't anticipated the powerful sorceress in his company, Ohri. The girl disposes of Suzu for the moment, and she and the Father continue on. As if things weren't rough enough, the island of G has it's share of monsters and magic-users to get in the way of their travels.
 Emperor Muge Zarbados and his Empire of Death decide that their next conquest will be the faraway planet of Earth. Muge becomes even more fearsome because of Shapiro Keats, a power-hungry Earthling-turned-traitor. It's up to Shinobu, Sara (Shapiro's old girldfriend), Masato, and Ryo of the Jyusenkitai/Cyber Beast Force to pilot the four Jyusenki/Beast Mecha (Eagle Fighter, Land Cougar, Land Liger, and Big Moth [a mammoth mecha]), which can combine into the giant mech Dancougar.
 After destroying the Zorbados Empire, the Jyusenki-tai/Cyber Beast Force has expanded and are training new recruits. But after failing to stop a monster that seems to be a remnant of the Zorbados Empire from destroying a city, the CBF is thrown in jail. Now the CBF have to escape from jail and find out what was behind the monster they fought.
 After all the battles the Jyusenki-tai has been through, they have gone on their own separate ways. But one person will bring them all together again
 The Dancouga team prepares for its final showdown with their arch-enemy Zorbados. The team has to travel to the strange dimension of the alien invaders to once and for all save the earth. Fighting on the home-grounds of the enemy will take all their strength and cunning. The Dancouga will have to fight its way to the strange alien red dimension before it can start its final assault and assure the safety of mankind forever.
 The year is now 2041 AD. A new enemy called Zeravire suddenly appears in the solar system, destroying all military installations it comes across. However, a wealthy man named Klein Sandman is already aware of this planned invasion and had been secretly preparing his army for battle. His trump card is Gravion, a giant robot that utilizes gravity as its source of energy. Meanwhile a young man named Eiji secretly enters Sandman's base in search for his missing sister. It is there that he meets another young man by the name of Toga... These two must now fight together with four other individuals aboard the super robot, Gravion to fend off the Zeravire threat.
 After Gravion was able to use its ultimate attack, the Zeravire threat seemed to have temporary stopped. However when it rises back up all of a sudden, the Earth Gult and its trump card, the super robot Gravion, is needed to defend this world again. All this while, the EFA is planning to create their own weapons to counter the Zeravire, the Grand Trooper. Now as they attempt to fend off the Zeravire, the people of the Earth Gult and EFA must protect their future as well as confront their pasts, and unveil the mysteries of the Zeravire.
 Sonic Soldier Borgman is a science fiction that comebines super sentai with non-gattai. It features a sentai-like three members team that fight an organization known as Youma. Features three characters with three basic ranger colors
 A music clip OVA using full versions of songs that were from the anime. While most of the OVA is re-purposed footage from the original show, this release does contain footage that never aired previously showing some events that occurred after the final episode.
 In a peaceful, disarmed world where small robots are utilized as housekeepers, villains act with huge robots instead of weapons. Dr. Keewee converts Michael’s robot into a transformable one in order to teach them a lesson. This is the birth of Galatt, the town hero.
 10,000 years ago, acting as judge, jury and executioner, Dangaizer sealed the fate of mankind by reducing it to ashes. Slowly, mankind rebuilt their civilization and once again stands at its peak. Hiding amongst the survivors of mankind, the evil organization of Goma lies in wait for the return of Dangaizer. This time, it’s a race to stop the awakening of the 3 that can pilot Dangaizer and subjugate the world to their rule. Will the 3rd pilot learn her true destiny and awaken in time, or will the world find a new destiny in the hands of Goma?
 10,000 years ago, acting as judge, jury and executioner, Dangaizer sealed the fate of mankind by reducing it to ashes. Slowly, mankind rebuilt their civilization and once again stands at its peak. Hiding amongst the survivors of mankind, the evil organization of Goma lies in wait for the return of Dangaizer. This time, it’s a race to stop the awakening of the 3 that can pilot Dangaizer and subjugate the world to their rule. Will the 3rd pilot learn her true destiny and awaken in time, or will the world find a new destiny in the hands of Goma?
 Anime adaptation of a card game which depicts battles between cars that transform into robots.

 Uta Koi tells the “super-liberal interpretation” of the Hyakuninisshu anthology compiled during Japan’s Heian period of 100 romantic poems from 100 different poets such as The Tale of Genji’s Murasaki Shikibu.
 In a post-apocalyptic world overrun with mutated beasts called Limbeekoon or Filth Monsters, humanity is forced to live in large mobile cities called Regios and learn to use special weapons called Dite, by harnessing the power of Kei to defend themselves. In the Academy City of Zuellni, Layfon Alseif is hoping to start a new life and forget his past. However, his past has caught the attention of Karian Loss, the manipulative Student Council President and Nina Antalk, a Military Arts student and Captain of the 17th Military Arts Platoon, who instantly recognizes his abilities and decides he’s the perfect candidate to join her group. However, with a secret past that won’t leave him alone and unknown powers beyond normal, Layfon just might not take it.
 The year is 1928 A.D. The place is New York, U.S.A. The economic prosperity brought forth after the Great War also heightened the presence of something far darker and much more sinister
 The 1920s was a decade of great change and upheaval, with monstrous demons appearing across America. To combat this menace, the holy organization known as the Order of Magdalene was established. The organization's New York branch is home to the young and reckless Sister Rosette Christopher, as well as her partner Chrno. Tasked with the extermination of demonic threats, the renowned team is excellent at their job, despite causing extensive collateral damage on their missions.However, both Rosette and Chrno are driven by their dark pasts. Through exterminating demons, Rosette hopes to find her lost brother Joshua who was taken by the sinner and demon, Aion, with whom Chrno also shares a bloody history. The two of them must fight off the increasingly dangerous demonic menace and discover its source, while continuing to search for the truth behind Joshua's disappearance.
 In 2017, a group of genius scientists achieve a remarkable breakthrough in bioengineering. However, all the new technologies are put into military use, beginning a new round of arms race. Vanguards, as the most significant achievement of the modern bioengineering and the most advanced weapon, are widely utilized in the race. Although vanguards are exceptionally combat-effective, their life expectancy is shortened by the nanomachines they use. Usually, most vanguards will retire from the army after a number of years in service.The heroine Liuli has also consumed too much of her lifespan after executing missions for a long time. With only 380 days left in her life, Liuli receives a new mission, to rescue a hostage being held in a civilian facility. It is without doubt a difficult mission for a vanguard like Liuli, who only knows how to kill and battle. However, Liuli obediently decides to accept the mission in the end.During the mission, Liuli surprisingly finds that the man who holds the hostage was once a vanguard. The former vanguard Zhongrong Zhou cries and asks the government to hand over the son of Eden. As a vanguard, Liuli feels deep contempt against Zhou. To eliminate the scum of the vanguards, a battle between two vanguards begins...
 Do you still remember your first love? Maybe you have forgotten how you felt when you fell in love for the first time, maybe you have hidden it deep in your heart, or maybe you are enjoying your first love. Whatever, when you are in your first love, you may feel sweet, shy and happy. What story is going to happen when you meet your first love again?
 The story centers on Nayu, a middle school girl who shocks her schoolmates on the first day of school by wearing black lace panties. She likes this kind of underwear, and she tries to “spread the word on the merits of [these kinds of] underwear” via an underwear club with her schoolmates, who are worried about their bodies’ development and which underwear to choose.
 This is a story of a guy who transmigrates into the scum villain of one of those harem xuanhuan/xianxia novels. The scum villain, Shen Qingqiu, is one of those looks-noble-but-is-actually-a-hypocrite type. Shen Qingqiu’s disciple, Luo Binghe, is the main character of the novel who gradually turns darker as tragic events occur upon him.With the help of a very troll system, the new Shen Qingqiu tries to stay alive by staying on Luo Binghe’s good side, as the original Shen Qingqiu treated Luo Binghe badly, thus receiving a horrifying ending. However, Shen Qingqiu's plan of staying alive is not as simple as it seems as he soon finds out that the system limits his actions.This is a sometimes angsty, but also touching, story of a master and his disciple.
 Second season of Chuan Shu Zijiu Zhinan.

 In the late years of the Western Zhou Dynasty, the fatuous ruler, King You of Zhou, is compelled by the seductive concubine Bao Si to set up a God Creation Tower that causes rampant acts of demons and a hellish time for the people. To end the tragic era, Han Ji is ordered by his master to eliminate demons and assist Zishang to defeat the King. However, they never expect that Bao Si is backed by the Immortal, Yuanming Holy Lord. The God Creation Tower is determined to be built. The world is once again in crisis... Cruel tyrants who fight in battles, powerful heroes across the nation, noble beauties that cannot be reached... Will they become the Gods they want to be?
 Mizuki Hijiri, is a high school girl who just transferred schools. At her new school, she has a fateful encounter with boys suffering from chuunibyou (adolescent delusions of grandeur). There is Noda who dreams of becoming a hero, the tragically handsome otaku Takashima who only likes 2D girls, Nakamura the supposedly "reincarnated" angel or devil (he can't decide which), and the self-professed string-puller Tsukumo.
 Unaired episode 12 included with volume 4 of the BD/DVD release.
 The story takes place in 19th century China during the Qing Dynasty, where the Emperor was weakened and the country was close to chaos. It is also during a fictitious era called "The Era of the Cooking Wars". It was an era in which top chefs with different cooking styles tried their best to improve their skills and to become the best chef in China. It is a country where insulting a high-grade chef or fooling around with cooking could land a person in a jail, and impersonating a top-chef is as good as usurpation of authority. Chefs compete with each other in order to gain respect and even power, but also with the risks of losing everything.The country of China has four major regions
 Chuukan Kanriroku Tonegawa is a spin-off of the Kaiji series, which follows Tonegawa, the right hand man of Kazutaka Hyoudou, the president of the Teiai Corporation and owner of numerous gambling tournaments. After Hyoudou is getting bored with his life, he orders Tonegawa to organize a so called "game of death" as it is his and his subordinate's job to keep the president in a good mood. Tonegawa must cooperate with his subordinates in order to make the president happy and what follows is a humorous story of his interactions with his subordinates and other characters of the Kaiji series.
 Chuukan Kanriroku Tonegawa is a spin-off of the Kaiji series, which follows Tonegawa, the right hand man of Kazutaka Hyoudou, the president of the Teiai Corporation and owner of numerous gambling tournaments. After Hyoudou is getting bored with his life, he orders Tonegawa to organize a so called "game of death" as it is his and his subordinate's job to keep the president in a good mood. Tonegawa must cooperate with his subordinates in order to make the president happy and what follows is a humorous story of his interactions with his subordinates and other characters of the Kaiji series.
 These specials were originally shown at the Kimetsu no Utage live event which was held on October 20th 2019 in Tokyo. The cast members present at the event did a live dubbing of the characters.
 Yuuta Togashi suffered from chuunibyou while he was in middle school. When he graduated, he put that dark history behind him and forgot about it... or he was supposed to. High school was smooth sailing and full of enjoyment - until the unavoidable, sad event occurs. The event that locks Yuuta into a contract with Rikka Takanashi and disrupts his desperately ordinary life. Adapted from the back of the first novel.
 Everybody has had that stage in their life where they have thought themselves to be special, different from the masses of ordinary humans. They might go as far as seeing themselves capable of wielding mystical powers, or maybe even believe themselves to have descended from a fantasy realm. This "disease" is known as "chuunibyou" and is often the source of some of the most embarrassing moments of a person's life.For Yuuta Togashi, the scars that his chuunibyou has left behind are still fresh. Having posed as the "Dark Flame Master" during his middle school years, he looks back at those times with extreme embarrassment, so much so that he decides to attend a high school far away where nobody will recognize him. Putting his dark history behind him, he longs to live a normal high school life.Unfortunately, he hasn't escaped his past yet
 Short episodes aired on KyoAni’s official YouTube channel.
 Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie
 Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie Lite
 The movie will feature a new story where Yuuta and Rikka are on their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins.(Source
 Yuuta Togashi suffered from chuunibyou while he was in middle school. When he graduated, he put that dark history behind him and forgot about it... or he was supposed to. High school was smooth sailing and full of enjoyment - until the unavoidable, sad event occurs. The event that locks Yuuta into a contract with Rikka Takanashi and disrupts his desperately ordinary life. Adapted from the back of the first novel.
 Due to various events, Yuuta and Rikka are living together. This secret co-habitation is so exciting for the two lovebirds! Or so it should be...Is having a chuuni girlfriend too high of a hurdle for Yuuta, who never even went out with a normal girl?! Yuuta worries about how to advance his relationship with Rikka. And then everyone else, Nibutani, Kumin, and Dekomori, have powered up by advancing a grade. Furthermore, the cause of his chuunibyou outburst in middle school, the girl who calls herself Sophia Ring Saturn the 7th, Satone Shichimiya appears...This is the long-awaited second season of the adolescent romantic comedy revolving around chuunibyou that makes you laugh and cry.
 Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel.
 Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Ren Specials
 Unaired episode 13 that released with volume 7 of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Ren.
 One normal school day, Rikka Takanashi notices Makoto Isshiki secretly passing a flash drive to Yuuta Togashi. Curious, Rikka talks to her friends about the case, who agree that Yuuta is hiding something from her. They decide to discover the contents of the flash drive by any means necessary, but to their surprise, it merely contained pictures of an idol that Yuuta adored back in middle school. However, Rikka takes offense, as she claims that this breaks their contract as lovers and demands Yuuta to return the flash drive.Although having seen Yuuta return the flash drive, she still felt uncertain about the situation. This leads to her sneaking into Yuuta's room during the night, only to find out that the flash drive had not been returned! Scanning through its contents, she hurriedly rushes to bed when Yuuta enters her room. To her terror, she finds the flash drive crushed due to her negligence in keeping it in a safe place. Yuuta quickly finds out and demands an apology. However, Rikka too, demands an apology from him, resulting in both of them refusing to be the one to apologize first. Will the two lovebirds be able to resolve their argument?
 Yuuta Togashi suffered from chuunibyou while he was in middle school. When he graduated, he put that dark history behind him and forgot about it... or he was supposed to. High school was smooth sailing and full of enjoyment - until the unavoidable, sad event occurs. The event that locks Yuuta into a contract with Rikka Takanashi and disrupts his desperately ordinary life. Adapted from the back of the first novel.
 Although Yuuta Togashi and Rikka Takanashi have just started dating, they do not know how to progress their young relationship. Due to both of them being shy, neither of them are capable of making the first move. Rikka decides to ask her class representative Shinka Nibutani for some love advice, and she advises Rikka get closer to Yuuta during the Christmas season. Following the suggestion of Yuuta's friend, Makoto Isshiki, they hold a Christmas party at Sanae Dekomori’s place.During the party, Yuuta notices Rikka has gone missing and searches for her. When he finds Rikka, he notices that she is acting strange and quickly figures out that she and Sanae are both drunk! How will this Christmas party turn out for the budding couple?
 The visual features the tagline, "I met you in my 17th summer ..." The "boy-meets-girl" story depicts how words and music bridge the gap between Cherry, a boy who is terrible at communicating with other people, and Smile, a girl who hides behind a mask. They meet in a mundane suburban shopping mall in a provincial city.Cherry always wears headphones and puts the feelings he cannot utter into his hobby, Japanese haiku poems. Smile always wears a mask to conceal her large front teeth, for which she has dental braces. As a popular video star, she streams a video about seeking "cuteness."
 The visual features the tagline, "I met you in my 17th summer ..." The "boy-meets-girl" story depicts how words and music bridge the gap between Cherry, a boy who is terrible at communicating with other people, and Smile, a girl who hides behind a mask. They meet in a mundane suburban shopping mall in a provincial city.Cherry always wears headphones and puts the feelings he cannot utter into his hobby, Japanese haiku poems. Smile always wears a mask to conceal her large front teeth, for which she has dental braces. As a popular video star, she streams a video about seeking "cuteness."
 On a small island, Seven, an assassin who can disguise himself as anything, carries out various assassinations at a low price, charging only 567 yuan for each mission.
 To the casual eye, the amnesiac bounty hunter Wu Liuqi looks quite intimidating. With his deadly telekinetic scissor techniques and his ability to seamlessly transform into anything, one would not expect his modest demeanor. In fact, Wu is quite terrible at his job. Often times the freelancer can be found botching an assassination or targeting the wrong person. While his failures could be due to his subpar skills, it usually boils down to him being a normal kid, with a heart unsuited for his line of work.Accompanied by his feathered friend Dai Bo, Wu is on a simple quest to regain his memories. Although his inconspicuous day job as a hairdresser and his after-hours occupation are simply a means for him to repay debt, his various ventures seem to intertwine with his pursuit to recover his lost past.
 To the casual eye, the amnesiac bounty hunter Wu Liuqi looks quite intimidating. With his deadly telekinetic scissor techniques and his ability to seamlessly transform into anything, one would not expect his modest demeanor. In fact, Wu is quite terrible at his job. Often times the freelancer can be found botching an assassination or targeting the wrong person. While his failures could be due to his subpar skills, it usually boils down to him being a normal kid, with a heart unsuited for his line of work.Accompanied by his feathered friend Dai Bo, Wu is on a simple quest to regain his memories. Although his inconspicuous day job as a hairdresser and his after-hours occupation are simply a means for him to repay debt, his various ventures seem to intertwine with his pursuit to recover his lost past.
 Extra episodes of Killer Seven.
 Extra episodes of Cike Wu Liuqi.
 Extra episodes of Cike Wu Liuqi.
 Ranma and his partner Rera run a detective agency in Giraffe City. An arranged accident leaves Rera and Ranma in an unfortunate state where the two detectives swap bodies at the stroke of midnight. With Ranma dissapearing and the beautiful Rera appearing.

 Second season of Cinderella Girls Gekijou.
 The third season of Cinderella Girls Gekijou.
 Fourth season of Cinderella Girls Gekijou.
 Bonus segments of Cinderella Girls Gekijou streamed on The [email protected] Cinderella Girls Mobage following the television broadcast.
 Bonus segments of Cinderella Girls Gekijou 2nd Season streamed on The [email protected] Cinderella Girls Mobage following the television broadcast.
 Bonus segments of Cinderella Girls Gekijou 3rd Season streamed on The [email protected] Cinderella Girls Mobage following the television broadcast.
 Cinderella is the daughter of a wealthy duke who has remarried to provide her with a mother and sisters. When the Duke travels abroad, Cinderella discovers that her new family is anything but a family. With spoiled stepsisters and a harsh stepmother, Cindrella is forced to cook, clean and manage the household. Yet she remains cheerful, gentle and kind to her family, to her animal friends and to a mysterious boy, named Charles, who seems to have a connection with the prince of Emerald Castle. A whole new story on a classic fairytale.When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from the lovable mice Gus and Jaq, and from her Fairy Godmother.
 Cinderella is the daughter of a wealthy duke who has remarried to provide her with a mother and sisters. When the Duke travels abroad, Cinderella discovers that her new family is anything but a family. With spoiled stepsisters and a harsh stepmother, Cindrella is forced to cook, clean and manage the household. Yet she remains cheerful, gentle and kind to her family, to her animal friends and to a mysterious boy, named Charles, who seems to have a connection with the prince of Emerald Castle. A whole new story on a classic fairytale.When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from the lovable mice Gus and Jaq, and from her Fairy Godmother.



 Mocha, Chiffon, Cappuccino, Espresso, and Milk go with Cinnamoroll in this adventure of a lifetime. Join them in their quest, meeting new friends like Anna (the girl who found Cinnamoroll/Cinnamon) and discovering new places like the Forest of Pastries and Bread and the Coffee Waterfalls.
 People's lives have changed because of VR and AR, and an competitive sport has born from these technologies called CB (Circlet Bout). CB can be competed between two schools and became an e-sport that decides the wealth of the schools. It also became the real ability of the school, which depends on not just the students' academic skills, but also on the data based on the sport ability, art, skills, etc.
 Ryo Saeba works the streets of Tokyo as the City Hunter. He's a "sweeper" and with his sidekick Kaori Makimura, he keeps the city clean. People hire the City Hunter to solve their dangerous problems, which he does with a Colt Python. When Ryo's not working on a case, he's working on getting the ladies, and Kaori must keep him in check with her trusty 10 kg hammer.
 City Hunter, Saeba Ryo, after months of idleness, finally scores a client and it is none other than the beautiful Mega City TV newscaster, Sayaka, who fears for her life. What's more, the enemy are her employers who are ready to resort to any means necessary to kill her.
 New movie project to commemorate the 35th anniversary of the City Hunter TV anime.
 New City Hunter film set in present day Shinjuku.
 New City Hunter film set in present day Shinjuku.

 Ryo Saeba works the streets of Tokyo as the City Hunter. He's a "sweeper" and with his sidekick Kaori Makimura, he keeps the city clean. People hire the City Hunter to solve their dangerous problems, which he does with a Colt Python. When Ryo's not working on a case, he's working on getting the ladies, and Kaori must keep him in check with her trusty 10 kg hammer.
 Ryo Saeba works the streets of Tokyo as the City Hunter. He's a "sweeper" and with his sidekick Kaori Makimura, he keeps the city clean. People hire the City Hunter to solve their dangerous problems, which he does with a Colt Python. When Ryo's not working on a case, he's working on getting the ladies, and Kaori must keep him in check with her trusty 10 kg hammer.
 Ryo Saeba works the streets of Tokyo as the City Hunter. He's a "sweeper" and with his sidekick Kaori Makimura, he keeps the city clean. People hire the City Hunter to solve their dangerous problems, which he does with a Colt Python. When Ryo's not working on a case, he's working on getting the ladies, and Kaori must keep him in check with her trusty 10 kg hammer.
 A beautiful pianist comes to Tokyo for a charity concert, and City Hunter is there. But music isn`t his forte; he wants lessons in the language of love. Desperation becomes the word of the day as the bodies start dropping. A foreign dignitary is assassinated in cold blood. Secret agents scour the streets for a missing microchip. Diplomatic infighting swirls around the upcoming concert, and City Hunter is the only hope!
 A beautiful pianist comes to Tokyo for a charity concert, and City Hunter is there. But music isn`t his forte; he wants lessons in the language of love. Desperation becomes the word of the day as the bodies start dropping. A foreign dignitary is assassinated in cold blood. Secret agents scour the streets for a missing microchip. Diplomatic infighting swirls around the upcoming concert, and City Hunter is the only hope!
 A new island resort has been built in Tokyo bay, and it is run by one of the world's most powerful super computers. The City Hunter gang has been invited to the grand opening party, but only Miki & Kaori have gotten there. Soon, they and the rest of the party goers are taken hostage by an exiled South American dictator called General Gillium. Now it's up to Ryo and Umibozu to free the hostages, and prevent Gillium's daughter from using the super computer to launch a nuclear attack on the USA.
 Ryo Saeba (aka the City Hunter), is a private detective in the city of Tokyo. Together with sidekick Kaori Makimura, Ryo is hired by actress Emi Makaze to find her long lost brother. The woman's brother turns out to be "The Professor", a dillusional ex-soldier who's planing to destroy the Shinjuku district of Tokyo. Kaori is assigned to guard Emi, but they both get caught up in the Professor's scheme. The City Hunter must save them, without allowing downtown Tokyo to be destroyed.
 Beautiful American Emily O'Hara offers the City Hunter (Ryo Saeba & Kaori Makimura) one million dollars to protect her from a man named Douglas. Ryo & Kaori take the job, but things are not quite what they seem. The real target just might be Ryo, but it's unclear who wants Saeba dead.
 James McGuire has a dream. He wants to become the president of Guinam and free his people from the military rulers who have been in power up until now. However, one thing stands in McGuire's way
 The CLAMP school, with its integrated curriculum from kindergarten to post-graduate studies, was founded by the largest of Japanese business empires, the House of Imonoyama. Funded entirely out of its own deep pockets, it was hoped that the school would be a haven for young men and women on whose shoulders our future would rest.The School is open to any talented individual, irrespective of his or her lineage or financial standing and is known to count scores of singularly talented pupils. It is furthermore also famous for its harboring of a remarkable percentage of party animals. Not even the bright and talented minds of CLAMP School can keep the campus free of crimes and mysteries. Or can they? Join Nokoru, Suoh and Akira, our case-cracking kid detectives, as they save the day and even the odd damsel in distress!
 The CLAMP school, with its integrated curriculum from kindergarten to post-graduate studies, was founded by the largest of Japanese business empires, the House of Imonoyama. Funded entirely out of its own deep pockets, it was hoped that the school would be a haven for young men and women on whose shoulders our future would rest.The School is open to any talented individual, irrespective of his or her lineage or financial standing and is known to count scores of singularly talented pupils. It is furthermore also famous for its harboring of a remarkable percentage of party animals. Not even the bright and talented minds of CLAMP School can keep the campus free of crimes and mysteries. Or can they? Join Nokoru, Suoh and Akira, our case-cracking kid detectives, as they save the day and even the odd damsel in distress!
 Tomoya Okazaki is a third year high school student resentful of his life. His mother passed away from a car accident when he was younger, causing his father to resort to alcohol and gambling. This results in fights between the two until Tomoya's shoulder is injured in a fight. Since then, Tomoya has had distant relationships with his father, causing him to become a delinquent over time. While on a walk to school, he meets a strange girl named Nagisa Furukawa who is a year older, but is repeating due to illness. Due to this, she is often alone as most of her friends have moved on. The two begin hanging out and slowly, as time goes by, Tomoya finds his life shifting in a new direction.
 Okazaki Tomoya is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away.One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself. Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Furukawa Nagisa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing.However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school. Eventually he concedes and befriends her. Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club. Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls.As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems. As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realise life isn't as dull as he once thought.
 A sequel to the recently wrapped anime based on the Key Clannad franchise. After Story is a path that opens in the original visual novel after all the other paths have been opened.
 Events in After Story take place immediately after the first season, following Tomoya's final semester of high school. After declaring his love to Nagisa, they begin to have a close relationship. Their life together will be faced with unexpected challenges, as the truth behind the illusionary world and the city's legend come to light.
 A sequel to the recently wrapped anime based on the Key Clannad franchise. After Story is a path that opens in the original visual novel after all the other paths have been opened.
 In a rural town undergoing revival through music, high school students Kanae and Sousuke meet none other than Beethoven and Mozart! Calling themselves "ClassicaLoids," this mysterious duo creates a strange power through the "music" they play.One night, stars fall from the sky and gigantic robots appear, causing trouble every single day! Bach, Chopin, Schubert also appear as ClassicaLoids. What is the mystery behind the powers they possess? Are they humanity's friend or foe?
 Second season of ClassicaLoid.
 With aims to one day reach out into the stars, humanity has colonized all the planets of the solar system. This story of young high school hopefuls is set in Fourth Tokyo in a Japanese Martian prefecture. Iris Shirasaki is a third year student/aspiring test pilot. Mizuki Sera is her peer/mechanic and Mizuki's brother Kaito is their homeroom teacher and the young director of the program developing their talents.
 Unaired episode included with the third Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Plot Summary
 In this world, humans coexist with demonic predators called Yoma. These demonic beasts feast on human innards and can blend into human society by taking on human appearance. As a counter force, a mysterious organization created half-human, half-Yoma warriors known as the "Silver Eyed Witches" or "Claymores," after the huge claymore swords they carry. They are detested by humanity however necessary.The story begins with a young boy, Raki, who has lost everything in a Yoma attack, and the Claymore, Clare, who is generally detested by society. Throughout the series, Clare and Raki show their deeper qualities, powers and Clare's never ending devotion to the goal she swore to fulfill in her childhood.
 The Cleopatra Corns Group, aka Cleopatra DC, is a powerful financial conglomerate controlling most of the United States economy, almost as powerful as the US government itself. At the top of the organization is the beautiful, smart and brave Ms. Cleo, the Group's young, talented Chairman. This is good--it means she can handle the repair bill when that airplane crashes into her bedroom. With stolen artifacts, corporate kidnappings, and top-secret cyborg projects gone awry, her luck only gets worse from there.
 The story centers around an illness-stricken, constantly bullied orphan girl named Minori. After one rainy day, she doesn't turn up at school, having been admitted into a hospital in a distant town. Two months pass, and the girl's two school friends, Takashi and Kyouko, receive a mysterious email with no sender listed. The email reveals a summer festival taking place at a nearby town...
 "The Clockwork Planet"One day, a black box suddenly crashed into the house of the high school dropout Naoto Miura. Inside it was a female automaton. The endless cycle of failure and success.The world that does change and the mankind that does not change. At a time where reality and fantasy are screaming, the encounters of these two make the gears of fate move!
 "The Clockwork Planet"One day, a black box suddenly crashed into the house of the high school dropout Naoto Miura. Inside it was a female automaton. The endless cycle of failure and success.The world that does change and the mankind that does not change. At a time where reality and fantasy are screaming, the encounters of these two make the gears of fate move!
 After the invading dimensional monsters were beaten back, Seoul was rebuilt. This is the story of Closers in New Seoul. Mysterious dimensional gates opened all over the planet and unleashed a worldwide invasion of dimensional monsters. No monsters and tactics had any effect on the waves of dimensional monsters pouring out of the dimensional gates. City after city was mercilessly destroyed. But the opening of the dimensional gates did not only cause damage and destruction. The psychokinetic power that it awoke also enabled a tiny minority of humans to gain extraordinary psychic powers. With these psychic warriors, governments around the world were able to turn the tide of the war with these monsters. After unspeakable losses, the people of earth at least succeeded in closing the gates. Since they had closed the gates, these psychics began to be called "CLOSERS," and the invasion of the dimensional monsters was named the First Dimensional War. With the dimensional monsters vanquished, peace returned to the world, and the cities were rebuilt. Through dedicated research into the dimensional gates and psychokinetic power, humans learned that the gates open when there is a singularity in this mysterious power. However, their understanding of the gates was still incomplete. The CLOSERS who survived the First Dimensional War became part of an organization called UNION. Together, they researched the psychokinetic power in all over the world, working to prevent another dimensional war. And that's when the dimensional gates all over the world started shaking again - as ever stronger outbreed creatures renewed the attack on earth.
 Plot Summary

 Cobra is very known space pirate, but decides to change his face and to clear all his memories. He becomes a common guy, with a common job, and a very boring life, but suddenly he starts remembering his true identity and new adventures begin
 In the current reality, Lady's existence is danger of disappearing. To save her Cobra must dive into her past, into a time when she still was of flesh and blood, and did not yet have a metal body. Not only will Cobra have to face the vicious foes from his past, he will also have to take care when encountering his former self...
 There is a world in which an endless rain of dark ash fills the sky, and covers the earth. Humanity, fearing the ash that burns and melts away human flesh, had no choice but to cover themselves in protective suits, and their faces with gigantic masks. Bundled up in their suits and hidden away behind their masks, the people have fled deep within the underground. This is the story of the children growing up in this fearful world.
 The second season of Cocomong.
 The third season of Cocomong.
 The story takes place in Europe in the year a.t.b. 2017. A Knightmare unit made of boys and girls from Area Eleven are thrown into a military operation with a 5% chance of survival. They must rescue an allied unit left behind on the European warfront.

 This film is the first on a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.
 This is the second part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.
 This is the third and final part of a 3-part theatrical film remake of the first 2 seasons of the parent anime.
 At Ashford Academy, the girls get into juicy talks in the bath, and later plan a gender role reversal festival, which has everyone but Lelouch Lamperouge eager. The students also attend the grand opening of the Clovis Land pool, much to the scantily clad Cornelia li Britannia's embarrassment. Events from Lelouch's past show a chapter from his royal upbringing, and how he met Suzaku Kururugi. Code Geass
 9 flash anime specials included in the Code Geass R2 DVDs and BDs.
 Though it has been one year since the Black Rebellion failed, the battle lives on, as the Holy Empire of Britannia attempts to expand its power worldwide, and the Black Knights work to regain theirs.As a newly instated Knight of Rounds, Suzaku Kururugi is an indispensable asset in battle, though he has yet to bear the full weight of his title. Among his opposition, C.C. and Kallen Stadtfeld strengthen their bond as they work together on crucial missions for the Black Knights. Interspersed throughout the drama are lighthearted, humorous moments, including the Ashford Academy Student Council’s handmade dress party and the Black Knights' pajama party.Blending tragedy and comedy, Code Geass
 In the year 2010, the Holy Empire of Britannia is establishing itself as a dominant military nation, starting with the conquest of Japan. Renamed to Area 11 after its swift defeat, Japan has seen significant resistance against these tyrants in an attempt to regain independence.Lelouch Lamperouge, a Britannian student, unfortunately finds himself caught in a crossfire between the Britannian and the Area 11 rebel armed forces. He is able to escape, however, thanks to the timely appearance of a mysterious girl named C.C., who bestows upon him Geass, the "Power of Kings." Realizing the vast potential of his newfound "power of absolute obedience," Lelouch embarks upon a perilous journey as the masked vigilante known as Zero, leading a merciless onslaught against Britannia in order to get revenge once and for all.
 On August 10th of the year 2010 the Holy Empire of Britannia began a campaign of conquest, its sights set on Japan. Operations were completed in one month thanks to Britannia's deployment of new mobile humanoid armor vehicles dubbed Knightmare Frames. Japan's rights and identity were stripped away, the once proud nation now referred to as Area 11. Its citizens, Elevens, are forced to scratch out a living while the Britannian aristocracy lives comfortably within their settlements. Pockets of resistance appear throughout Area 11, working towards independence for Japan.Lelouch, an exiled Imperial Prince of Britannia posing as a student, finds himself in the heart of the ongoing conflict for the island nation. Through a chance meeting with a mysterious girl named C.C., Lelouch gains his Geass, the power of the king. Now endowed with absolute dominance over any person, Lelouch may finally realize his goal of bringing down Britannia from within!
 Plot Summary
 A year has passed since "The Black Rebellion" and the remaining Black Knights have vanished into the shadows, their leader and figurehead, Zero, executed by the Britannian Empire. Area 11 is once more squirming under the Emperor's oppressive heel as the Britannian armies concentrate their attacks on the European front. But for the Britannians living in Area 11, life is back to normal. On one such normal day, a Britannian student, skipping his classes in the Ashford Academy, sneaks out to gamble on his chess play. But unknown to this young man, several forces are eying him from the shadows, for soon, he will experience a shocking encounter with his own obscured past, and the masked rebel mastermind Zero will return.
 In the all-new story, Lelouch makes the ultimate use of his Geass power for his little sister Nunnally, who loves Alice in Wonderland.
 Riding the bus one day, Sakurakouji Sakura looks out the window to see people being burned alive with a blue fire and a boy her age who's unharmed and standing over the people.She comes back to the site the next day and there are no corpses or evidence of any kind of murder, just a small fire. She then goes to class to find there's a new transfer student, Oogami Rei, who looks exactly like the boy she saw before and wears a black glove only on his left hand.Oogami is a Code Breaker, one who "does not exist". He is a seemingly cold-blooded killer who follows the principle of "an eye for an eye", to "use evil against evil". Convinced that killing is not right, Sakurakouji sets out to stop him and penetrate his icy heart.
 Riding the bus one day, Sakurakouji Sakura looks out the window to see people being burned alive with a blue fire and a boy her age who's unharmed and standing over the people.She comes back to the site the next day and there are no corpses or evidence of any kind of murder, just a small fire. She then goes to class to find there's a new transfer student, Oogami Rei, who looks exactly like the boy she saw before and wears a black glove only on his left hand.Oogami is a Code Breaker, one who "does not exist". He is a seemingly cold-blooded killer who follows the principle of "an eye for an eye", to "use evil against evil". Convinced that killing is not right, Sakurakouji sets out to stop him and penetrate his icy heart.
 A three-volume OVA of Code
 The series centers on the flour dough spirit Cogimyun, who actually really wants to be an onigiri. She takes care of her grandfather's apartment complex due to her grandfather being away. The denizens of the apartment are all "Kogimuko," which are all food that center on flour dough.
 A dangerous shadow organization launches a campaign of fear and violence in the city of Shinjuku, pushing society to the brink of chaos. As a young police officer tasked with restoring order, Ichika Hoshino becomes the target of an attack, and has a poisonous collar attached to her neck. With the situation spiraling out of control and time running out, five mysterious strangers appear to aid her in her quest for the truth. Who can she trust? Will she be able to save herself and the soul of Shinjuku from the clutches of oblivion?
 A dangerous shadow organization launches a campaign of fear and violence in the city of Shinjuku, pushing society to the brink of chaos. As a young police officer tasked with restoring order, Ichika Hoshino becomes the target of an attack, and has a poisonous collar attached to her neck. With the situation spiraling out of control and time running out, five mysterious strangers appear to aid her in her quest for the truth. Who can she trust? Will she be able to save herself and the soul of Shinjuku from the clutches of oblivion?
 The adventures (and mis-adventures) of Men, staring, peeking, glacing, looking, glaring at women and their efforts to get that extra eyefull of harmlessly exposed panties, bra, and occasional cleavage. Following at most, a few regular males and the outragious concequences of their actions.
 "I" died and was kicked out of the cycle of reincarnation because of the sin "I" committed. An angel told me that "I" won a lottery and he gave me a chance to remember the sin. My spirit possessed the body of the 14-year-old boy Makoto, who committed suicide and "I" tried to recollect my memory. "I" felt distressed by the terrible circumstances of Makoto and the fact that "I" was borrowing his body. "I" have started to realize that people are hurting each other because the world is too colorful to distinguish the true color of themselves from others.
 Upon arriving at the train station of death, an impure soul is granted a second chance at life against his will. Reincarnating into the body of Makoto Kobayashi, a 14-year-old boy who recently committed suicide, the soul is tasked to identify the boy's greatest sin in life within a time limit of six months. Although it remains reluctant toward continuing life as Makoto, the soul soon begins to notice the complexities of people's emotions and actions.Deconstructing the ideas of fractured families and suicide, Colorful explores the intricacies of the daily struggles humans face but are too abashed to confront.
 A sci-fi, eco-conscious fantasy about a 14-year-old heroine, Suzu, a descendent of a distinguished shaman who saved people from catastrophe in the past. Suzu sets out on a journey, along with the spirit of nature, Coluboccoro, to regain peace and nature to the ruined villages.
 Gift, a world covered in glittering blue crystals called gifdium. Sougo Amagi is a boy who lives in the town of Garden Indigo, which has prospered from the mining of these crystals. Sougo, whose hobby is collecting rare crystals, one day becomes involved in a dispute between classmates Kaon, Roman, and Otto. He wanders deep into the ruins of a mine and discovers an underground lake. There, Sougo meets a mysterious girl with blue hair and red eyes. Who is this girl, and what will their meeting bring? The door to an adventure opens with their newly formed bond.
 Super deformed flash anime shorts. Half were streamed on Bandai’s official youtube page and half were bundled with the DVD/Blu-ray release of the main show.
 The daily life of up-and-coming female mangaka living together in a dormitory.
 Sendo Kazuki, failed the entrance exam for the art college he was applying to, His childhood friend, Kuhonbutsu Taishi forced Kazuki to enter the doujin (private publishing) world.
 Sendo Kazuki, failed the entrance exam for the art college he was applying to, His childhood friend, Kuhonbutsu Taishi forced Kazuki to enter the doujin (private publishing) world.
 Kazuki, together with his friends, goes to a Comic Party that's going to be held in a hot spring. There, they make an incredible discovery that is going to reveal something amazing about comic conventions.
 Kazuki, together with his friends, goes to a Comic Party that's going to be held in a hot spring. There, they make an incredible discovery that is going to reveal something amazing about comic conventions.
 Compiler and Assembler have been given 3 days to return the the 2-D world. If they do not return the council has sworn to destroy it. How will the they spend their last days on earth. Will they be able to confess their love. If only things were that simple. Now a mysterious character is eliminating other individuals from the 2-D world. Can Compiler and Assembler stop this new fiend and be together with those they love.
 Compiler and Assembler have been given 3 days to return the the 2-D world. If they do not return the council has sworn to destroy it. How will the they spend their last days on earth. Will they be able to confess their love. If only things were that simple. Now a mysterious character is eliminating other individuals from the 2-D world. Can Compiler and Assembler stop this new fiend and be together with those they love.
 When evil Doctor Butler uses his Dark Energy to throw the world into the state of chaos, three heroes enter the electronic world to capture him and save humanity.
 Fast food restaurants use robots to help serve customers, the level of automation makes human staff almost superfluous. Her friend Hiromi has taken on a computer-based part-time job, that she is presently working on while waiting for Mako in the restaurant. Recently an artificial intelligence passed the high school examinations.Since Mako's examination is only six months away, it slightly depresses her to potentially fail at something an AI already has passed. Just then an earthquake warning appears on the mobile device, predicting the exact time, magnitude, and location. Holding up her portable device, an augmented reality view is shown, pointing to the next safe exit from the shopping mall. A call from her mother tells Mako of her father's breakdown...
 On his high school graduation day, Itsuki's cousin, Mahiru, tells him that she's pregnant. Just then, a gate of light emerges and transports the two into the world of Granvania. In this land, "Impurities" have been causing a disturbance to the Stars, ultimately plunging Granvania into chaos and disorder. And Itsuki, now revealed to be one who is fated to meet with the "Star Maidens", is seen as Granvania's last hope and was thus given the task to produce "Star Children" and combat the "impurities". And unless the task is complete, Itsuki may never be able to return home.
 On his high school graduation day, Itsuki's cousin, Mahiru, tells him that she's pregnant. Just then, a gate of light emerges and transports the two into the world of Granvania. In this land, "Impurities" have been causing a disturbance to the Stars, ultimately plunging Granvania into chaos and disorder. And Itsuki, now revealed to be one who is fated to meet with the "Star Maidens", is seen as Granvania's last hope and was thus given the task to produce "Star Children" and combat the "impurities". And unless the task is complete, Itsuki may never be able to return home.
 Second season of Concrete Revolutio.
 On a sunny July day in the 41st year of the Shinka Era, Jirou Hitoyoshi is tasked with covertly listening in on a secret meeting between a top government scientist and an industrial spy. However, his cover is blown, and the spy reveals himself to be an alien in disguise. Amidst the ensuing chaos, Jirou enlists the aid of cafe waitress and magical girl Kikko Hoshino, one of many "superhumans" who blend into society and secretly protect humanity from extraterrestrial threats. As a member of the government agency known as the Super Population Research Laboratory, Jirou has the dual task of protecting superhumans that defend humanity and disposing of any deemed too dangerous to live. Having proven herself a worthy ally, Kikko is invited to join the agency as its newest recruit.Fast forward five years
 The show follows Gorou, a 24-year-old man who dreams of becoming the greatest Condom Battler. His go-to weapon is a 0.01 mm condom which he loads into an arm dispenser, and it opens to reveal a red rubbery armor that Gorou wears in battle. It also gives the hero the ability to summon sperm and created an attack out of the sticky substance.There are other characters in the anime like Miku and Hayato who duel using their own condoms. The anime is filled with absurd dialogue and fights, but these heroes always make sure to teach a sex education lesson along the way.
 The orphaned Yang Gor is taken to Chuen Jun Clan to learn kung fu. However, Yang soon gets tired of the bullying by the clan’s priests and escapes. His eventual encounter with the mysterious and beautiful Dragon Girl, leader of the powerful Tomb sect, will change his life forever.
 Obata Yousuke lives on Pagopago in the Fiji archipelago with his father Tetsuo, a specialist in oceanographic biology. After a storm strikes the island, Yousuke rides to the lagoon with his Jet Ski and finds a strange baby dinosaur there. He takes it to his father's laboratory and names it Coo.Coo grows and seems to be a large marine reptile (a baby plesiosaur) which lived there some 65 million years ago. But Coo soon becomes an object of interest for the French secret service, assigned to protect the nuclear interests of France in that otherwise peaceful part of the world.
 There is a cherished memory behind every dish on the dinner table. Time to turn the clock back and relive these beautiful moments, Captains!
 Two brothers are riding around on their hover bikes, when suddenly a giant metal fortress gets in their way. After a brief battle, the duo manages to gravely wound the fortress. It retreats and dumps our heroic pair in a wasteland.But this wasteland is inhabited by nomads that indicate that the fortress was hidden inside a mountain. The nomads plead for the duo to finish the job. Two of the natives go with them as guides, and somewhere along the way the gain the help of a fairy that can transform into a mech-warrior woman.
 They are handsome guys who are cool but a little hard to approach. However, they...are all clumsy!!! Because they are clumsy, they're relatable. Because they are clumsy, they're adorable. You'll surely come to love them too! A slice of life comedy about guys who stay cool despite being clumsy!
 A school comedy taking place in Tokyo in 2034. Copihan is a joint project of Gonzo and Kei, the illustrator of the manga version of Copihan who is best known for Hatsune Miku.
 In 2016 a meltdown of a nuclear power plant creates a big catastrophe in Tokyo. 20 years later, the city has become a ghost town due to the high levels of radiation. From that area a distress signal is received, the Self-Defense Forces dispatch 3 girls from the special unit Coppelion to search for survivors. But why aren’t they wearing any protection against radiation?
 In 2016, a meltdown of a nuclear power plant creates a big catastrophe in Tokyo. 20 years later, the city has become a ghost town due to the high levels of radiation. From that area a distress signal is received. The Self Defense forces dispatch three girls from the special unit Coppelion to search for survivors. But why aren't they wearing any protection against radiation?
 One rainy night after a school festival, a group of students from Kisaragi Academy decide to perform the Sachiko Ever After charm, which will unite them forever as friends.Once the ritual is done, a sudden earthquake transports them to Heavenly Host, a torn down elementary school. Unbeknownst to Satoshi and his friends, however, is the horrific past behind it which culminated in its demolition. As they look for each other and try to escape from Heavenly Host, they soon find out their lives are at the mercy of those affected by that same bloodied past.
 An original video anime bundled with a limited-number edition of Corpse Party -The Anthology- Sachiko no Renai Yuugi Hysteric Birthday 2U (????????? -THE ANTHOLOGY- ????????Hysteric Birthday 2U) spinoff game.
 Yui is an average schoolgirl who lives in a future where all computers are supported by a single global network known as COMNET. Yui is a computer-illiterate girl who after a computer-lab accident is approached by IR, a raccoon looking corrector computer program, which tells her she must save COMNET. She must stop the rogue A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) computer program known as Grosser and his hench-programs from taking over the world. Grosser was originally designed to be that manager of all of COMNET. At first she's very reluctant to play the heroine because of her complete lack of knowledge and ability with computers. To save COMNET she must find and gain the trust of the other seven wayward corrector programs. They must also find the creator or COMNET Professor Inukai, to help stop Grosser for good.
 Yui is an average schoolgirl who lives in a future where all computers are supported by a single global network known as COMNET. Yui is a computer-illiterate girl who after a computer-lab accident is approached by IR, a raccoon looking corrector computer program, which tells her she must save COMNET. She must stop the rogue A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) computer program known as Grosser and his hench-programs from taking over the world. Grosser was originally designed to be that manager of all of COMNET. At first she's very reluctant to play the heroine because of her complete lack of knowledge and ability with computers. To save COMNET she must find and gain the trust of the other seven wayward corrector programs. They must also find the creator or COMNET Professor Inukai, to help stop Grosser for good.
 Comet (12 years old in human years) is the princess of the Harmonica Star country and was to meet the prince of the Tambourine Star country at a ball where he'd pick a bride. But he isn't there and so Comet is sent to Earth to find him. He'll be known by the starlight in his eyes. She finds the Earth and she loves the people she meets there. Meanwhile, Princess Meteor of the Castanet Star country also arrives on Earth in search of the prince. Comet's companion is a little puppy with a star at the end of his tail named Rubba Ball. Of course, Comet was not the first to visit the Earth and love it, another before her did as well and married. Her pet (a white cat with bunny ears and a tiny heart on her tail named Bunny) continued life as a kind of fairy in the forest. Comet's power is drawn from the stars of her home and is channeled through her baton; she also wears a special pendant from where Rubba Ball immerges, and with which she can detect and find the prince.
 In the future humanity is spread throughout the galaxy. In their efforts to combat criminal espers the Cosmo Police are fortunate to have Justy on their side.However the esper criminals also know this and some of them are making plans for Cosmo Policeman Justy. As their leader says "There's only one way to kill the most powerful esper in the galaxy".
 The long war between the planet Earth and the machine men is finally over, resulting in a peace that is more a victory for the machine men than the Earth. Warrius Zero lost his family in the war to the machine men but despite this he is still is a member of the Earth fleet that is now working in concert with the machine men. His ship, made up of both humans and machine men, has been given a near impossible task
 The long war between the planet Earth and the machine men is finally over, resulting in a peace that is more a victory for the machine men than the Earth. Warrius Zero lost his family in the war to the machine men but despite this he is still is a member of the Earth fleet that is now working in concert with the machine men. His ship, made up of both humans and machine men, has been given a near impossible task
 Based on a 1984 serial on the "Animevision" video magazine. The original material was compiled into this one-shot video.
 Animated trailer for Chronicle's song Cosmos.
 Chako and her friends are members of the struggling club the Cosplay Association at East Oizuka Academy that dreams of going all the way to the Cosplay World Series. Can these girls, with the help of a new member and a magic fairy get well on the way to becoming Cosplay champions. Clothing and costumes will fly as we find out.
 Spike Spiegel, a bounty Hunter with a dark past, lives on bounty to bounty, barely making it each time, or not making it at all. His partners Jet Black, Faye Valentine, Ed and Ein the dog all help him in his adventures from planet to planet.
 Enter a world in the distant future, where Bounty Hunters roam the solar system. Spike and Jet, bounty hunting partners, set out on journeys in an ever struggling effort to win bounty rewards to survive.While traveling, they meet up with other very interesting people. Could Faye, the beautiful and ridiculously poor gambler, Edward, the computer genius, and Ein, the engineered dog be a good addition to the group?
 Mister is a "coyote" or space faring outlaw who has been sitting in prison for a year for a traffic offense. Ten days from release, he breaks out with the help of his old partners Bishop and Katana. He then seeks out Franka who has been left in his care by her dead father and takes her on a journey to find her father's treasure. On their heels are the federal investigators Angelica and Chelsea as well as the android assassins of the Criminal Guild, Madame Marciano's Twelve Sisters.
 Mister is a "coyote" or space faring outlaw who has been sitting in prison for a year for a traffic offense. Ten days from release, he breaks out with the help of his old partners Bishop and Katana. He then seeks out Franka who has been left in his care by her dead father and takes her on a journey to find her father's treasure. On their heels are the federal investigators Angelica and Chelsea as well as the android assassins of the Criminal Guild, Madame Marciano's Twelve Sisters.
 Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials.
 Crayon Shin-chan follows the wacky antics and adventures of five-year-old Shinnosuke "Shin" Nohara and his parents, neighbors, and friends and is set in Kasukabe, Saitama Prefecture, Japan.Many of the jokes in the series stem from Shin-chan's occasionally weird, unnatural and inappropriate use of language, as well as from his inappropriate behavior. A typical gag involves Shin-chan confounding his parents by using the wrong phrase for the occasion; for example, saying "Welcome back!" instead of "I am back!" when he comes home.During the beginning of the series, the TV show was mostly based on the storyline in the original manga. As the show progressed, more and more episodes became anime-original.
 Unlike the main television anime series which is mostly set in modern-day Japan, the new series will be a "sealed room" suspense comedy set 100 years in the future. The story begins when Shinnosuke and the entire Nohara family wake up from cold sleep to find themselves aboard a space ship drifting in space. The anime will depict the various events that take place inside the ship.
 Unlike the main television anime series which is mostly set in modern-day Japan, the new series will be a "sealed room" suspense comedy set 100 years in the future. The story begins when Shinnosuke and the entire Nohara family wake up from cold sleep to find themselves aboard a space ship drifting in space. The anime will depict the various events that take place inside the ship.
 Master butt-swordsman Hiroshinosuke Nohara (Lone Wolf) travels with his family seeking employment. The family encounters a mysterious girl Hazumi and a wild dog Shiro, and decides to travel together. The group is attacked by various assassins, eventually their lives are threatened by the butt-swordsmen's enemy, the armpit-swordsmen of the Demon Bull Clan. Who will win
 Master butt-swordsman Hiroshinosuke Nohara (Lone Wolf) travels with his family seeking employment. The family encounters a mysterious girl Hazumi and a wild dog Shiro, and decides to travel together. The group is attacked by various assassins, eventually their lives are threatened by the butt-swordsmen's enemy, the armpit-swordsmen of the Demon Bull Clan. Who will win
 A small country town. Recently, the town has witnessed many strange incidents. A youkai kindergartner O-o-o no Shinnosuke (an apparent homage to the classic supernatural franchise Gegege no Kitarou) and his youkai father Tamatama Dad arrive in town. They are said to be looking for the yokai Big Butt Mom who has run away from home. When an elementary school girl Fumie Sakura is suddenly attacked by the mysterious Fuzzy Wuzzy, a superfluous-hair youkai, Shinnosuke goes to her aid. Their encounter is the start of the greatest youkai case in the small town's history.
 A small country town. Recently, the town has witnessed many strange incidents. A youkai kindergartner O-o-o no Shinnosuke (an apparent homage to the classic supernatural franchise Gegege no Kitarou) and his youkai father Tamatama Dad arrive in town. They are said to be looking for the yokai Big Butt Mom who has run away from home. When an elementary school girl Fumie Sakura is suddenly attacked by the mysterious Fuzzy Wuzzy, a superfluous-hair youkai, Shinnosuke goes to her aid. Their encounter is the start of the greatest youkai case in the small town's history.
 By finding a rare Action Kamen card, Shinnosuke Nohara and his family end up being chosen to go to a parallel world and help foil an alien invasion that is occurring over there.
 An action adventure film set in a imaginary southern island in the Indian Ocean. The evil secret society, "White Snake" abducted Shinnosuke and Prince Sunnokeshi of the Buri Buri Kingdom, who looks very much like Shinnosuke, in order to get the kingdom's hidden treasure in the golden palace underground. Shinnosuke's parents, Hiroshi and Misae fight with Lulu, the major of the palace guard of the kingdom, against White Snake, trying to recapture Shinnosuke and the prince.
 A member of the Time Patrol finds out that there is a disturbance in Japan, 1570. While heading to that particular time and location to investigate, she is attacked and ends up stuck underground the Nohara residence at the end of the 20th century Japan. Having limited resources at hand, she is forced to ask for the help of the Nohara family. Together they go back in time and meet with a samurai named Fubuki-maru who believes that they are the legendary three persons and dog whom someone from her family would eventually meet in a crucial moment. The lonely samurai asks for their assistance in defeating the man that possesses strange magical powers, the sinister Unkokusai lord.
 A modern horror style fantasy depicting a laughable adventure in Gunma Hender Land, the largest theme park in the north areas around Tokyo. Nohara family fight with Toppema Muppet (a talking doll from Magic World) against two gay 'witch' men Makao and Joma, who came from Another World and try to invade the Real World.
 An action comedy film depicting the Nohara family who get caught in a fight between two clans, Tamayura and Tamayomi. Set in Tokyo and Aomori (northern end of Japan's main island). The Tamayomi clan had plotted to revive the evil genie Jarke and to conquer the world. To stop Tamayomi's plot, the three gay brothers (Rose, Lavender and Lemon) from Tamayura clan wrested Jarke's ball, which was a key to revive Jarke, from the bar girl gang of Tamayomi clan, but Shinnosuke's younger sister Himawari swallowed down the ball. The Nohara family, with the three gay brothers and a female detective Yone Higashimatsuyama, fights a fierce battle against the Tamayomi gang chasing them.
 A full-scale action film with tastes of the "'007" series and Jackie Chan's movies. The members of the secret organization for world peace 'SML', code-named 'Oiroke' (sexual attractiveness) and 'Kinniku' (muscle), who join hands with the Nohara family and Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke Nohara and his mates
 The Nohara family and "Onsen G-Men", the secret government agency maintaining all the hot springs in Japan, fight against "Yuzame", a bath-hating terrorist organization plotting to wipe out all the hot springs in Japan.
 An adventure set in a south island. Shinnosuke with his parents and friends joined a tour with the preview of Action Kamen's new movie 'South Sea Millennium Wars' on a luxury liner, but a funky guy who names himself Paradise King and his slave gang of gibbon monkeys took away all the adults to a south island. Gotaro Go, an actor playing the role of Action Kamen, with Shinnosuke, fights a martial-arts battle and air battle against Paradise King.
 Adult people all over Japan had been captivated by 20th Century Expo, theme parks that reenacted good old days of the 1970s (the last days of Japan's high economic growth). One day the adults disappeared into the theme parks, leaving their children abandoned. That was a plot by "Yesterday Once More," an organization who despises the 21st century and tries to bring Japan back to the 20th century with the dreams and hopes. Shinnosuke and his parents, Hiroshi and Misae, fight against the plot of "Yesterday Once More" in order to live together with family in the 21st century.
 A full-scale historical drama set in the last days (the year 1574) of the Sengoku Era of feudal Japan. It is the story of the Nohara family, who has been transferred into the Sengoku Era by time warp, and a tragic love between a princess Ren Kasuga (a daughter of the feudal lord Kasuga at the Province of Musashi) and a samurai warrior Matabei Ijiri (a retainer of the Lord Kasuga).
 A slapstick comedy going back to the basic, "laughable" style of the TV series. One day, the Nohara family was looking forward to having an ultra-rich yakiniku dinner, but they were put on the Wanted List on suspicion of heinous crimes because of a scheme of a mysterious organization named Sweet Boys. The Nohara family must run from Sweet Boys' pursuit but to eat yakiniku for dinner they need to stop escaping and decide to meet the boss of Sweet Boys, who is based in Atami (a hot spring/resort city in Shizuoka Prefecture).
 A fantasy action set in a world of Western films. One day the Nohara family, Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke Nohara and his mates
 An action comedy including parodies of tokusatsu monster/hero genre, such as "Godzilla" and "Ultraman." A time-space conditioner from the future, Miraiman, suddenly appears before the Nohara family, and he requests the family to fight against giant monsters who appear from time-space distortion one after another, in order to save the world from destruction. Every time monsters appear, Shinnosuke's parents, father Hiroshi and mother Misae go to the world three minute later, transform themselves into righteous heroes and defeat them within the time limit of three minutes. Hiroshi and Misae become wrapped up in getting rid of monsters, and Misae stops doing the housework. Then, a strong monster appears, and he cannot be defeated within three minutes. Shinnosuke rises up against the monster.
 An action comedy film based on the "duplicating humans' invasion" setting derived from Jack Finney's Sci-Fi novel "The Body Snatchers", combining Sci-Fi horror-like story and dance (samba). An authority on biotechnology and a developer of "konjaclone" technology, Amigo Suzuki carries out "Transformation Plans for Samba World", in which he makes human clones using konjac as a material and makes them dance a samba. In Kasukabe city, people switch places with false ones who look just like the real persons. The Nohara family and the members of Kasukabe Defense Forces try to escape from Kasukabe with the help of a mystery beautiful girl Jacqueline Feeney (Jackie).
 A slapstick comedy on a bomb uproar, and a touching story about the ties between the Nohara Family and their dog Shiro. A film in the musical style including the scenes with inserted songs. When the Nohara Family enjoy a trip to Okinawa, a strange object like a flying saucer becomes stuck with Shiro's bottom. That is a special bomb dropped by "The Only Buttocks Aliens," and it has the power to destroy the whole earth. The space monitoring center "UNTI" (Unidentified Nature Team Inspection) begins to pick up the bomb, but a female terrorist group "Hinageshi Opera Company" tries to get the bomb and disturbs UNTI's work.
 A comical fantasy adventure on a fight against invaders from another world. The ruler of dark world "Don Kurai," Dark, plots to dominate the human world. There is a legend about three treasures and a hero in Don Kurai, and Dark takes over one of the three treasures, a bell of copper, but a man sent other two treasures (a spear of gold and a shield of silver) to the human world. Shinnosuke falls into Dark's trap and opens the door between the human world and Don Kurai, but he becomes the hero selected by the spear of gold. With the power of a girl from Don Kurai, Mata Tami, the Nohara Family transform into various things and fight against Dark.
 Comical action adventure film including a caricature of radical ecoactivism and theme of bond between mother and children. The new mayor of Futaba Town, Kasukabe-City, Saitama Prefecture, Mamoru Shizan promotes ecology activities, but his true identity is the leader of an eco-terrorist organization "SKBE
 Comical action adventure film set in the future world, like a dystopian science fiction. Shinnosuke's future fiancee, Tamiko Kaneari comes from the future via the time machine. She says her father Masuzo Kaneari captures adult Shinnosuke in the future world and they needs the power of Shinnosuke at age 5 to rescue him. She takes Shinnosuke and Kasukabe Defense Forces members to the future big city Neotokio, which is the world ruled by Masuzo Kaneari, the president of the electric power company Kaneari Electric.
 Comical action spy film including an indecent material (flatus) and a story of a girl who had obeyed her parents, but becomes self-aware. A mystery spy girl Lemon Sunomono suddenly appears in front of Shinnosuke, and she calls herself an emissary of Action Kamen. She had trained as a spy by her parents in the Sukashipestan Republic, and works for the Queens. Under her guidance, Shinnosuke decides to be a spy to fight for justice, and receives spy training. Under the instruction of Action Kamen, Lemon and Shinnosuke perform a mission to creep into the laboratory in the Hedelna Kingdom and recapture a capsule from an evil professor, but Lemon finds the real purpose of the Queens, and they fight to foil the plot of the Queens.
 Comical adventure story starring Kasukabe Defense Forces and dealing with "food" as theme. Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke and his mates
 Hiroshi got a slipped disk due to a back injury. He was taken to an Este salon by a mysterious beautiful girl who appeared suddenly, to receive a free trial of beauty treatment as well as a massage. When Hiroshi returned home after a beauty treatment, he was surprised to see himself in the form of a robot. Shinnosuke gets overjoyed, whereas Misae gets worried on seeing him as a naked robot. The robot version of Hiroshi turns out to be convenient. The robot Hiroshi could be controlled by a remote control and pretty much do anything including cooking and cleaning. Meanwhile, Hiroshi realizes that his turning into a robot has to do something with that Este salon. However, this new change was a dark conspiracy hatched by “Chichi Yure Doumei (The Association of Fathers)” to create a strong father figure for all the fathers in Japan. Soon, many dads in the whole nation go out of control, and the Nohara family (Shinnosuke's family) and Kasukabe start falling apart. Before the near-collapse of Kasukabe, Shinnosuke and Hiroshi i.e. Robot dad stand up to save the day. Featuring the most intense battle of middle-aged men, the movie brings a touching story that makes all fathers and families in Japan cry.
 Hiroshi was ordered to be the manager of his company's Mexico branch in order to collect the fruit of a new type of cactus that has the sweetest nectar. So, Nohara family packs up and moves to Mexico to live there. They had to bid farewell to their acquaintances and the citizens of Kasukabe with tears. Shinnosuke heard that Mexican young girls are stylish and beautiful and became eager for this journey. On arriving at Mardequellyovaca city in Mexico, a new life full of anxiety, surrounded by unique neighbors awaits them. But Shinnosuke and Nohara family had no idea that flesh-eating killer cactuses are going to attack.To save the town, the Nohara family and their neighbors work together to fight against "Killer Cactus".
 A story set in the dream world, depicting the Kasukabe Defense Forces and the Nohara Family fighting against a nightmare trouble. One day the people in Kasukabe come to be able to have dreams they want in their sleep, after having a strange dream in which a giant fish swallows them. The people enjoy having their own distinctive dream in the dream world, but the world gradually changes into a nightmare world. Shinnosuke Nohara and Kasukabe Defense Forces members let Saki Nubatama, a girl who moves in Kasukabe, join the group, and they go into the dream world to explore the cause of the nightmare.
 The film's story begins when Shiriri, an alien, arrives and turns Hiroshi and Misae into children. To turn them back, Shinnosuke must travel the length of Japan with Shiriri hidden in his butt. Meanwhile, Shiriri's father is moving forward with a huge conspiracy.
 Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as "Aiya Town." Shinnosuke and Kasukabe Defence Group are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage.

 Due to the advent of modern technology, kids have abandoned their crayons and paper for electronic tablets, causing the imaginative energy emitted from children's doodles to reach an all-time low. Consequently, the Rakuga Kingdom in the sky, powered by such energy, is now at risk of collapsing onto the cities below. For any hope to avoid such a catastrophe, the kingdom's princess hastily seeks out a hero from Earth capable of wielding the "Miracle Crayon."While the kingdom's reformers arrive on land to seize Earth, the magical crayon finds itself in the hands of Shinnosuke "Shin-chan" Nohara. In a journey that will test the limits of childlike imagination, Shin-chan must harness his creativity to secure the safety of his home and restore peace to both worlds.



 Franchise combining a real life idol trio and limited animation short stories, with their cartoon alter egos thrown into various bizarre and generally sexual situations.
 2006
   Based on a sci-fi novel series, Crest of the Stars (Seikai no Monsho) is the first installment in this sci-fi saga. The story follows Jinto, a young prince, whose world was taken over by the largest Empire in the Galaxy
 Five years ago, his father’s company was framed by someone, and he lost his money. Jiang Beichen suffered humiliation in front of his relatives in order to treat his father’s illness, and was even ruthlessly abandoned by his fiancee, and finally sank into the river. Five years later, he added glory to his body and returned strong. Not only did he sweep away all abuses and avenge his father, but he also stood on the top of Kyushu, overlooking the world.
 Due to humanity obtaining the data technology that has evolved to a great amount - called "Mana" - the human race is able to subjugate all wars, starvation, pollution, and other problems on Earth by using its power, which is similar to magic. Earth has obtained the utopia of complete peace and no wants.First princess of the Misurugi Empire, Angelize. As with everyone else, she also had no wants or worries. She was celebrated by the people of the empire, and was supposed to wear the crown. However, she realizes the shocking truth that she is a Norma. "Norma"
 The royal life of Princess Angelise Ikaruga Misurugi was as idyllic as the life of a sixteen-year-old princess could be. Beautiful, talented, athletic, loved by her people, and soon to be baptized in honor of her ascension to the throne of the Misurugi Empire, Angelise had everything. Even her kingdom was in a blissful age of peace and prosperity thanks to the utilization of an extremely advanced technology materialization force known as "mana."However, everything Angelise has come to know soon crashes to the ground around her after she is revealed to be a "norma," a member of society resistant to the effects of mana and unable to use it herself. Just like the rest of the norma, Angelise is arrested and removed from society. Now she's being forced to work as a soldier based out of the prison camp, Arzenal, and fly a transforming robotic vehicle called a "Paramail."To survive, Angelise will have to adapt to several different aspects of her new life in Cross Ange
 A rumor has spread amongst the children worldwide regarding the popular B-Daman matches
 The anime takes place in Crest Land, where the mysterious B-Crystal has started to go berserk. The main protagonist Godai Kamon lives in the south area of Crest Land, and is an energetic boy who loves B-Daman. However, he lost his all past memories of B-Daman and his family, except for his big sister Aona who lives with him. One day, Kamon meets Galvan, a B-Daman at his local B-Daman shop, B-Junk, and he finds Galvan strangely familiar. Galvan becomes his partner, and he returns to the B-Daman battles once again.Source
 The anime takes place in Crest Land, where the mysterious B-Crystal has started to go berserk. The main protagonist Godai Kamon lives in the south area of Crest Land, and is an energetic boy who loves B-Daman. However, he lost his all past memories of B-Daman and his family, except for his big sister Aona who lives with him. One day, Kamon meets Galvan, a B-Daman at his local B-Daman shop, B-Junk, and he finds Galvan strangely familiar. Galvan becomes his partner, and he returns to the B-Daman battles once again.
 High school students Miho and Shouta are preparing for college entrance examinations. Miho comes from an island without even one cram school, while Shouta lives in Tokyo and works a part-time job. Both are striving to pass exams so they can enter college. The pair enroll in Z-Kai's correspondence education courses, and their lives cross before they realize it.
 Crushers
 The galaxy is a strange and dangerous place, and there are times when even the United Space Force can`t help. That`s where the Crushers come in - skilled troubleshooters who will deal with any problem, large or small, for a fee (large only!) And there is no better Crusher than Crusher Joe!
 Yo Hinomura was an ordinary Japanese potter when a run-in with a Chinese mafia changed his life forever. Now an assassin for the 108 Dragons, Yo is the perfect killing machine. As a sign for remorse over his victims, he sheds tears after eliminating his targets. Because of this, he is infamously known by the Dragons and every crime syndicate in the world as "Crying Freeman."
 Yo Hinomura was an ordinary Japanese potter when a run-in with a Chinese mafia changed his life forever. Now an assassin for the 108 Dragons, Yo is the perfect killing machine. As a sign for remorse over his victims, he sheds tears after eliminating his targets. Because of this, he is infamously known by the Dragons and every crime syndicate in the world as "Crying Freeman."
 The stage is the Middle East in a not to far away future
 Koichiro Kamishiro is on a rather esoteric mission
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Davi and her new friends become Cubistars. Magical guardians bestowed with powers of the stars to maintain the balance between good and evil.

 Anime based on Liber Entertainment's mobile game of the same name in which players train up-and-coming voice actors.

 Short screened alongside the Mahoutsukai Precure! Movie.
 One day, Honey Kisaragi's a trendy, class-cutting Catholic schoolgirl. The next, her father's been murdered by demonic divas from a dastardly organization called Panther Claw. When his dying message reveals that she's an android, Honey uses the transformative power of the Atmospheric Element Solidifier - the very thing Panther Claw wanted to steal - to seek revenge against the shadowy clan. Can Honey fight her way up Panther Claw's ranks to defeat its leader, the sinister Sister Jill while managing to escape the watchful eyes of Miss Histler, her school's headmistress?Aided by journalist Hayami Seiji, his ninja father, and his lady-loving grade school brother, Honey sometimes appears as a racecar driver, sometimes as a glamorous model, and sometimes as a beggar, but her true identity is none other than the warrior of love, Cutie Honey!
 On her sixteenth birthday, Honey Kisaragi goes to meet her father. However, he shows up injured and on the run. Out of nowhere, a group of thugs and a monster show up. A detective, Seiji Hayama, rescues Honey and her father. Unfortunately, the monster captures Honey`s father. A grieving Honey goes home to find it in ruins, but a handsome man gives her hope and a device to use against the monsters who took her father. With them, Honey can transform into multiple forms and destroy Panther Zora, the evil behind this.
 Honey Kisaragi is a perfectly normal beautiful high school student. Until her scientist father is kidnapped by the evil organization Panther Claw, that is. But her father left behind a device she can use to transform into the red-haired sword-wielding heroine Cutey Honey.
 The forces of evil are on the rise. When the evil mastermind Sister Jill transforms one of her girls into the bestial Breast Claw and sends her minions out on a mission involving the group Panther Claw and a jewelry store heist, Honey Kisaragi departs from her Catholic girls' school to confront the threat as Cutie Honey. But that's exactly what Sister Jill wants, as she desires Honey's Airborne Element Fixing Device, which allows her to transform into Honey's seven different forms. Meanwhile, Sister Jill is also on the scene in disguise as Inspector Genet, trying to worm her way into Honey's confidence from a different angle.
 The forces of evil are on the rise. When the evil mastermind Sister Jill transforms one of her girls into the bestial Breast Claw and sends her minions out on a mission involving the group Panther Claw and a jewelry store heist, Honey Kisaragi departs from her Catholic girls' school to confront the threat as Cutie Honey. But that's exactly what Sister Jill wants, as she desires Honey's Airborne Element Fixing Device, which allows her to transform into Honey's seven different forms. Meanwhile, Sister Jill is also on the scene in disguise as Inspector Genet, trying to worm her way into Honey's confidence from a different angle.
 It is the year 2808. Three convicts are recruited as members of the Cyber Police to keep major criminal activity in Oedo (formerly Tokyo) in check. In return, their life sentences will be reduced by a few years for every mission accomplished. However, to ensure that these convicts are doing their job, the police have secured special collars around their necks. If they attempt to remove their collars or fail to meet the time limit of their mission, the collars will self-destruct.
 It is the year 2808. Three convicts are recruited as members of the Cyber Police to keep major criminal activity in Oedo (formerly Tokyo) in check. In return, their life sentences will be reduced by a few years for every mission accomplished. However, to ensure that these convicts are doing their job, the police have secured special collars around their necks. If they attempt to remove their collars or fail to meet the time limit of their mission, the collars will self-destruct.
 Cyberpunk
 Cyberpunk
 Anime based upon the original Argentine graphic novel series of the same name.The story follows the titular character who is a genetically engineered super-soldier; one of the creations of Dr. Von Reichter's diabolic experiments. (The fictional) Von Reichter is actually a former Nazi who conducted horrendous experiments during the second world war. He flees to South America where he continues his experiments which culminate in the creation of the "Cybers," one of which happens to be Cybersix. However, since the Cybers exhibit free will at an young age (an undesired trait), Von Reichter destroys all the Cybers to prevent a rebellion.In the present day, Cybersix is one of the Cybers who managed to escape and is living a quiet life under the alias of "Adrian Seidelman"; however, she finds out that her survival is dependent on a special substance that Von Reichter created and thus she is forced to hunt down the "Technos," a newer generation of super-soldiers created by him, in order to survive. Unintentionally, in the process, Cybersix becomes a superhero protecting the world from Dr. Von Reichter's creations and his evil plans.EditBackground
 A "patapi" is a cute mechanical creature which is like a cyber pet. It can eat, sleep, play, and even help out its owners with some stuff. When Hibari Hanakoganei receives a patapi from a prince in her dreams, she is thrilled and names it "Densuke". When mysterious forces try to steal Densuke, Hibari discovers that Densuke is not just an ordinary patapi. Densuke has magical powers that allows it to transform into a powerful cyber-fighter who looks like Hibari. Hibari's friends also receive similar patapis, and together they form the Cyber Team in Akihabara.
 Original Cyborg 009 1966 movie based on the manga. Features 009's origin and an epic battle against Black Ghost and their evil robot forces.
 Joe Shimamura and his companions may seem like regular men, but they are anything but. Joe is actually Cyborg 009, member of a team of cyborgs who fight for the greater good. Each cyborg is outfitted with a special power, from the ability to melt any material, to underwater breathing and flight. He and the other eight cyborgs were modified against their will by the Neo-Black Ghosts organization in order to further their own interests. But instead, they decided to band together and use their powers to fight against their former captors, and all forces of evil.
 They fight against evil, they help those in need, they're the Cyborg fighters! Together with the scientist Dr. Gilmore, this team of nine cyborgs use their special body modifications to fight against a seemingly endless barrage of enemies, including robotic crabs, aliens, and fellow cyborgs.Each cyborg has his own special power, which they use in their fight against evil. Titular character 009 (aka Hurricane Joe, the famous race car driver) leads the team with his superhuman strength, resistance to bullets, and ability to accelerate through time. His teammates fight by his side to save humanity from falling into evil hands.The team in Cyborg 009 faces many enemies and stops countless threats to their hometown, and even to Earth. No matter what, justice will be served.
 Cyborg 009 VS Devilman is a crossover anime which was announced separately as new works of Cyborg 009 (in March 2015) and Devilman (in April 2015). The two were later revealed to be a single work. It was screened in theaters for a two-week period beginning October 17, 2015, before being released as OVAs. Ishimori Production co-sponsored the production as part of the 50th anniversary of the Cyborg 009 manga.
 After discovering the existence of demons in Tokyo, the original Cyborg crew led by Dr. Gilmore find themselves in conflict with Devilman, a strong demon believed to be in league with the war-profiteering terrorist organisation, Black Ghost. Meanwhile, a bigger threat emerges when Dr. Adams, a Black Ghost scientist unleashes his new line of high teen Cyborg models against 009 and his friends.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The story will depict Joe Shimamura and the other cyborgs' struggle with the Bresudo, a group of people who possess superhuman powers and intellect, and have manipulated human history since ancient times. Their goals are unknown, and they cast a dark shadow over the world. Though few people believe in the Bresdo's existence, one American journalist named Lucie Davenport heads to Texas to contact a certain family, and she meets the cyborgs. The cyborgs themselves have been freed from their duty of protecting humanity ever since the establishment of the UN Guardian troops, and they now live quiet lives of peace.
 The cyborgs are no longer on duty, they live normal lives until a mysterious space ship lands on earth. The only survivor on the ship warns about an evil conqueror called Zoa that wants to conquer the universe, which means the cyborgs are back in action...
 Skull, the evil leader of the terrorist organization known as Black Ghost, has nine powerful cyborgs under his control. But Dr. Isaac Gilmore, the Black Ghosts cybernetics scientist, decides to go rogue, helping the cyborgs turn against Skull and his evil organization.Black Ghost wishes to start the next major world war by flooding the market with weapons of mass destruction. It seems the nine brave cyborgs have their work cut out for them, as Black Ghost is determined to bring those nine cyborgs down.
 Skull, the evil leader of the terrorist organization known as Black Ghost, has nine powerful cyborgs under his control. But Dr. Isaac Gilmore, the Black Ghosts cybernetics scientist, decides to go rogue, helping the cyborgs turn against Skull and his evil organization.Black Ghost wishes to start the next major world war by flooding the market with weapons of mass destruction. It seems the nine brave cyborgs have their work cut out for them, as Black Ghost is determined to bring those nine cyborgs down.
 Kuro is just an ordinary cat who only wants to protect his owners who are an old couple that can't fend for themselves. One day while on a date with his girlfriend Pooly who is a dog, he is kidnapped by an evil scientist and turned into a robot. Kuro somehow removes the chip that controlled him and notices that people get scared with his new robotic appearance and that he can now talk like a human. He decides to disguise himself with the skin of a stuffed toy and to continue living as a pet.
 Kuro is just an ordinary cat who only wants to protect his owners who are an old couple that can't fend for themselves. One day while on a date with his girlfriend Pooly who is a dog, he is kidnapped by an evil scientist and turned into a robot. Kuro somehow removes the chip that controlled him and notices that people get scared with his new robotic appearance and that he can now talk like a human. He decides to disguise himself with the skin of a stuffed toy and to continue living as a pet.
 Apparently inspired largely by Akira Toriyama's popular Dr. Slump, Cybot Robocchi is the story of Robocchi, a fun-loving, mischievous robot with a TV set in his stomach.Robocchi lives in a peaceful village with various other robots, all created by the eccentric and somewhat lecherous Dr. Art Deko. Although he is an android, Robocchi has a warm, kind heart and is always willing to help out a friend in need. With his human girlfriend Kurumi, he gets into a variety of wacky adventures.
 In an enviromentally wrecked future Tokyo, a young man named Ken Ando joins an organization called DC. Little does he realize that his fate and that of Earth will be linked to a mysterious mecha from another world.
 The series is about two boys named Tsukushi and Jin. Tsukushi is a boy with no special talent or traits while Jin is considered a soccer genius. On one stormy night, Jin meets Tsukushi, and they get dragged into the world of soccer.
 Sequel to DAYS.
 2018
 Sequel to DAYS.
 2018
 Super-deformed version of Buronson, Hara Tetsuo’s post-apocalyptic fighting manga. Note
 The wraparound band on the sixth volume of Kajio's DD Hokuto no Ken (DD Fist of the North Star) manga spinoff of Buronson and Tetsuo Hara's Fist of the North Star manga is revealed the manga is getting a new television anime adaptation in October.
 Super-deformed version of Buronson, Hara Tetsuo’s post-apocalyptic fighting manga. Note
 Pandy and Retro, two unlikely renegades, awaken naked on Earth with no recollection of their past. After embarking on a devastating crime spree for food, clothing and transportation in downtown Tokyo, they are captured by the authorities and sent to the infamous lunar prison called Dead Leaves.After a brief incarceration, they discover that the prison is really a top-secret cloning facility, occupied by villainous prison guards and deformed genetic experiments. High-speed frantic action combined with hyper-violent and semi-humorous chase scenes follow as the two decide to break out of the prison with the aid of their fellow mutant inmates.
 Pandy and Retro awaken naked on Earth with no recollection of their past. They embark on a devastating crime spree in search of food, clothing and transportation, but are captured by authorities and sent to the infamous lunar penitentiary named Dead Leaves. While incarcerated, they quickly discover that Dead Leaves is also a top-secret cloning facility, occupied by villainous guards and deformed genetic experiments. Ultra-manic chaos and hyper-violent bedlam ensue as they organize a prison break with the aid of their fellow mutant inmates.
 It's a showdown for the ages as the legendary hero takes on the corpse god necromancer, but when the dust settles, something isn't quite right... In the final moments of their epic confrontation, the corpse god's final gambit shot was wholly unexpected -- reincarnation magic! Across space and time, a boy named Polka Shinoyama awakens feeling...not quite himself...... Who could've expected that the climactic battle between good and evil would turn out like this??
 Ganta is the only survivor after a mysterious man in red slaughters a classroom full of teenagers. He's framed for the carnage, sentenced to die, and locked away in the most twisted prison ever built
 Two years after the catastrophic tidal wave that swept over Japan, police officer Kiyomasa Senji is trying to make the world a safer place. Using his Branch of Sin powers, he stops criminals in whatever ways he can. After rescuing a boy named Izuru Tsukiyoshi from a gang called Goreless Peace, the conflict between Kiyomasa and his adversaries heats up rapidly, to the point of being explosive.Offering a glimpse into the past of the future Deadman, the story follows Senji, helping to further develop the reasoning that drives his actions later in life.
 Nagomu Irino returns to his Kyoto home for the first time in ten years when his father is hospitalized. Nagomu is eager to take over Ryokushou, the family's Japanese sweet shop, but he's instead asked to be a father figure to Itsuka Yukihira, the girl everyone calls the successor.
 Aikawa Kazuhiko was the captain of Tendoji high school prestigious basketball team. He moves into a new town to attend Mizuho high school and joins its basketball team. However, Mizuho high's basketball team is far from being prestigious, in fact, it's now defunct. Nevertheless to say, Kazuhiko's persistence, passion and basketball skills inspired other team members of the dysfunctional basketball team to gear up and start practicing again. The goal is to play in the national tournaments where all young basketball players meet their opponents to compete with them. The tale of youth of the five protagonists
 Ikuhara Takeya is a high school student living a normal life. He is not interested in the commotion around a UFO filled with beautiful alien females that crashed on earth a year ago. The aliens, known as DearS, are deciding to take permanent residence on earth. What no one knows is that these aliens are a slave species whose sole purpose is to serve and please their masters.One day, Takeya spots a person shivering behind some bushes. This person, Ren, is one of the DearS, and after being saved by Takeya she chooses him as her master. Takeya, who doesn't know about the master-slave relationship of DearS, tries to teach Ren the normal lifestyle of the people on earth, though he constantly fears that Ren is an evil alien who's trying to brainwash him. Ren, however, isn't like other DearS. She is in fact malfunctioning and is being tracked down by their leader. Meanwhile, Takeya begins to learn more about DearS, and a mythical DearS relationship called "Gift" begins to develop between them.
 Two men have just arrived at a location known as Quindecim and are unable to remember how they got there. They are immediately greeted by a young woman who escorts them to a small bar, where a bartender awaits them. They are told that they will have to participate in a game, randomly chosen by roulette, and will be unable to leave until its completion; if they refuse, the consequences will be dire. In addition to the rules of the game, the two men are told to play as if their lives are at stake.The game that has been chosen is billiards. But there's more to it than just pocketing pool balls, as the two are about to find out the outcome could mean life or death.
 29-year-old programmer Suzuki Ichirou finds himself transported into a fantasy RPG. Within the game, he's a 15-year-old named Satou. At first he thinks he's dreaming, but his experiences seem very real. Due to a powerful ability he possesses with limited use, he ends up wiping out an army of lizard men and becomes a high leveled adventurer. Satou decides to hide his level, and plans to live peacefully and meet new people. However, developments in the game's story, such as the return of a demon king, may cause a nuisance to Satou's plans.
 29-year-old programmer Suzuki Ichirou finds himself transported into a fantasy RPG. Within the game, he's a 15-year-old named Satou. At first he thinks he's dreaming, but his experiences seem very real. Due to a powerful ability he possesses with limited use, he ends up wiping out an army of lizard men and becomes a high leveled adventurer. Satou decides to hide his level, and plans to live peacefully and meet new people. However, developments in the game's story, such as the return of a demon king, may cause a nuisance to Satou's plans.
 Yagami Light is a 17-year-old genius from Japan who is tired of his life, school, and the state of the world as he knows it. One day, on the way home from class, Light stumbles upon a dark notebook with "Death Note" written on the front. Intrigued by its appearance, Light reads the first few sentences, only to find out that it states that anyone whose name is written inside will die. Discarding it as a joke, Light continues his daily activities. Soon after though, his human curiosity takes the better of him and prompts Light to try the notebook, discovering the truth behind first sentence. Now, with power in his hands, Yagami Light is on a quest to change the world and become God of the New World. His path to holy status won't be easy however, as another genius, known as L, is working against Light's beliefs and Light himself. Who will win this power of Gods between humans?
 1. Genshisuru Kami (Visions of a God)A two hour episode of Death Note, mainly a compilation of the confrontations between Light and L, re-edited from Ryuk's perspective with new dialogue and soundtrack along with additional animation that could not be included in the original series. An Unnamed Shinigami comes to Ryuk to question him about his new story in the human world.2. L o Tsugu Mono (L's Successors)This story continues where the previous left off, continuing the story of Light. As the previous special told Light and L's battles, this story does the same with the conflicts between Light, Mello, and Near.
 1. Genshisuru Kami (Visions of a God)A two hour episode of Death Note, mainly a compilation of the confrontations between Light and L, re-edited from Ryuk's perspective with new dialogue and soundtrack along with additional animation that could not be included in the original series. An Unnamed Shinigami comes to Ryuk to question him about his new story in the human world.2. L o Tsugu Mono (L's Successors)This story continues where the previous left off, continuing the story of Light. As the previous special told Light and L's battles, this story does the same with the conflicts between Light, Mello, and Near.
 "Welcome to Queen Dekim." What greets two unsuspecting guests is a strange bar, Queen Dekim, and the white-haired bartender, Dekim. "From here you two shall begin a battle where your lives hang in the balance," he says to introduce the Death Game. Before long the guests' true natures become apparent. As a matter of course, at the game's end Dekim is revealed to be the "arbiter." Dekim's judgement on the two guests is...
 After death, humans go to either heaven or hell. But for some, at the instant of their death, they arrive at Quindecim, a bar attended by the mysterious white-haired Decim. He challenges them to the Death Game, wherein they wager their lives and reveal their true natures. Decim himself is the ultimate arbitrator of who wins and who loses, who will go to heaven, and who will go to hell.
 It was just a usual morning.Akira Shiroyanagi, a high schooler who loves games and Konpeito (Japanese sweets), has suddenly been dragged into a battlefield by a mysterious girl who calls herself Mion. The participants are told that they are "erased from the family register, involved in an experiment, and gained certain powers."Akira is determined to win the game with his newfound powers and destroy the organization. Armed with a power no one expects and his "brain" skills, the new period of intelligence battle of begins!
 It was just a usual morning.Akira Shiroyanagi, a high schooler who loves games and Konpeito (Japanese sweets), has suddenly been dragged into a battlefield by a mysterious girl who calls herself Mion. The participants are told that they are "erased from the family register, involved in an experiment, and gained certain powers."Akira is determined to win the game with his newfound powers and destroy the organization. Armed with a power no one expects and his "brain" skills, the new period of intelligence battle begins!
 Many years have passed since humanity was driven to the brink of extinction by the sudden emergence of the unknown life forms Gadoll. Those humans that survived now dwell in a 3000m-high mobile fortress Deca-dence built to protect themselves from the Gadoll threat.
 2020
 Many years have passed since humanity was driven to the brink of extinction by the sudden emergence of the unknown life forms Gadoll. Those humans that survived now dwell in a 3000m-high mobile fortress Deca-dence built to protect themselves from the Gadoll threat.
 2020
 Deemo is a mystic character lives in solitude, a castle, all by itself. A little girl falls from the sky, not knowing who she is, where she comes from. To help the little girl back to her world, Deemo comes to realize a tree keeps growing tall on top of the piano whenever it plays. What would Deemo do when it gets comfortable with the companionship it never had before? What if the little girl couldn't deal with the truth when her seemingly lost memories regained?!
 Madness and unawakening sleep, Randolph syndrome.This new illness is slowly but steadily approaching humanity, caused by the huge underground world Asylum that appeared in Antarctica. There are strange creatures different from the earth, and unknown resources. People bet their lives on the depths of the mysterious new world to get huge wealth, organizational plots, or their own ambitions.And here alone, a young man with a wish in his heart is trying to challenge the front line of Asylum.
 Madness and unawakening sleep, Randolph syndrome.This new illness is slowly but steadily approaching humanity, caused by the huge underground world Asylum that appeared in Antarctica. There are strange creatures different from the earth, and unknown resources. People bet their lives on the depths of the mysterious new world to get huge wealth, organizational plots, or their own ambitions.And here alone, a young man with a wish in his heart is trying to challenge the front line of Asylum.
  Based on a cell phone novel series written by Yoshi. Ayu is a 17-year-old high school student and a prostitute. She has a heinous view of the world, and believes that money is the only important thing. She lives with her boyfriend Kenji, who is a drug-user, and spends her school days with her one and only friend, Reina. One day, a new encounter changes Ayu's life, and she is finally able to find love.

 When Saku took in a stray black cat, she never expected that he would become the equivalent of a housekeeping life partner. But Yukichi, a giant cat who towers over Saku, is not your ordinary feline. He takes great pride in his culinary skills, and a good sale at the supermarket always gets his whiskers twitching. Saku may not have her act together yet, but at least she has Yukichi!
 Alyssa, a witch who lives alone in the forest, picks up a human baby one day. Despite her confusion, Alyssa named the baby Viola and decided to raise her. 16 years later, Viola had not only grown into a daughter who adores Alyssa, but also into a woman of exceptional proportions, and the people around them mistook Viola for Alyssa's mother.A slice of life told by a mother and daughter who were inverted in appearance and full of gags! Parent and child deliver a hilariously funny comedy!
 The mysterious, delicious world of CooKingdom, which rules over all the cuisine in this world. CooKingdom has closely guarded the Recipe-Bon, in which it's written how to prepare any dish. But, oh no! One day, it gets stolen by the Bundoru Gang! The Bundoru Gang plans to monopolize everything for themselves, and their next target is the Cuisine Fairy Recipeppi... The Energy Fairies have come to Oishi-Na Town in the human world in search of the Recipe-Bon. With their help, an unexpected turn of events leads to three ordinary girls transforming into Pretty Cures! They stand up to the Bundoru Gang, to recover the Recipe-Bon, and to protect everyone's delicious smiles!

 The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission
 The evil Shadow Lord has taken control of the kingdom of Deltora and has driven the land and its people into misfortune and suffering. Lief, the son of a blacksmith, has just turned sixteen and is entrusted, along with his two companions Barda and Jasmine, with an important mission
 Professor Utonium and his son Ken have been assigned to study the mysterious Chemical X, which mutates and reacts when buns are dropped into it, becoming Chemical Z. When a strange glacier appears in Tokyo Bay, Ken uses a ray of Chemical Z to break it apart, causing several black rays of light to fall through the city. When the rays strike objects, animals, or people, they turn into monsters. However three white lights also break away and strike three ordinary girls, who gain the power to transform into Powerpuff Z.
 Based on the American cartoon, "The Powerpuff Girls." Professor Utonium and his son Ken are studying the strange Chemical X. When a mochi cake falls into the formula, it changes into Chemical Z. Ken fires a ray of Chemical Z at a glacier in Tokyo Bay, however that causes strange black and white lights to scatter. The black lights turn its victims into monsters, with emphasis on a black light hitting a zoo monkey and transforming him into Mojo Jojo.The white lights, however, aim at three normal girls, Momoko, Miyako, and Kaoru. This gives them the power to transform into superheroes, the Powerpuff Girls Z!
 The story takes place in an age where "Ajin" (demi-human), more casually known as "Demi," have slowly started to become accepted into human society. Tetsuo Takahashi is a biology teacher who ends up teaching three such Demi, hoping to understand more about them while also managing to catch their attention.Demi-chan wa Kataritai
 The story takes place in an age where "Ajin" (demi-human), more casually known as "Demi," have slowly started to become accepted into human society. Tetsuo Takahashi is a biology teacher who ends up teaching three such Demi, hoping to understand more about them while also managing to catch their attention.(Source
 The Demon Queen Asura whom many fear just hearing her name turns into a child overnight and bullied? Oppressed? Assassinated? Impossible! Not happening! Hey, you trash cultivator, be honored that you are tasked to send this deity back home!
 Dante has had his freedom and peace snatched away by those who'll become Gods. So that he can get everything back, Dante is incarnated. To fight with those who'll become Gods. This story tells of Dante who broke a 2000 year old seal, It starts from the time when he is attacked by Ryo Utsugi. The human that the demon king chose as his next body. When he becomes the eldest son of the Utsugi family, Ryo's secret eventually gets revealed . . .
 Gootaman is back, and ready to bring justice to the Black Buddha gang who are still terrorizing the PR Academy! Unfortunately her alter ego Mari has fallen in love with the group’s leader Tobishima, who has been tasked with killing the bare bottomed hero! Will their romantic feelings overcome his murderous intent, or is Mari destined to be alone as the scantily-clad champion forever?
 Umio is a shy kid who just started his part time job at a manga store smack dab in the middle of the city. But his lifestyle isn't as glamorous as the neon lights that illuminate the city. Umio's closest friends are his co-workers who are all unique characters, to say the least, and although they're nice people, they have their quirks. They are a tight knit group of friends, have nicknames for each other and spend their weekends inside, sheltered from the extravagant scene happening on the outside.
 Set in the year 2100 where the world is tied together by a computer network. The children of the world become Web Divers, adapting their consciousnesses into data, and love to play together in the cyber park called Magical Gate. However, a mysterious computer virus appears beginning to destroy Magical Gate from the inside out. In cyberspace, programs called Web Knights have been created to protect the children. But, the computer virus has turned all the Web Knights against the children. The only Web Knight to escape the "brainwashing" is Gladion. Gladion seeks the help of Kaito Yuki, a Web Diver who is in the fourth grade.
 In the near future, augmented reality has become a key part of daily life. A gentle middle school girl named Yuuko "Yasako" Okonogi and her family have just moved to Daikoku City despite rumors of people disappearing. There, her grandmother, nicknamed "Mega-baa," runs a shop called Megasia that specializes in illegal tools which interact with parts of the virtual world.Mega-baa also hosts an unofficial detective agency called "Coil," a group of children around Yasako's age who find and handle corruption of the virtual world. Yasako gets involved with the group when Fumie Hashimoto, a playful member of Coil, helps rescue her cyberdog Densuke after getting trapped in virtual space while chasing a mysterious virus. Also investigating these corruptions and viruses is an abrasive hacker named Yuuko Amasawa, who the others take to calling Isako.Can Coil discover the truths behind the mysterious viruses and corruption, and if they can, at what cost?
 Eleven years after the introduction of internet-connected, augmented reality eyeglasses and visors, Yuuko Okonogi moves with her family to Daikoku City, the technological center of the emerging half-virtual world. Yuuko joins her grandmother's "investigation agency" comprised of children equipped with virtual tools and powerful metatags. She quickly crosses paths with Yuuko Amasawa, an expert hacker of the virtual environment, as Amasawa relentlessly seeks to "unlock" the mystery of a computer virus that emerges from an inaccessible corrupted space.
 A hundred years after Earth is invaded by aliens, the last remnants of the human race dwell in underwater "Aqua Bases." A team of five cybernetically enhanced women is trained for the purpose of carrying out guerilla attacks against the occupying forces. Earth's last hope for salvation is...Voogie's Angels.
 A hundred years after Earth is invaded by aliens, the last remnants of the human race dwell in underwater "Aqua Bases." A team of five cybernetically enhanced women is trained for the purpose of carrying out guerilla attacks against the occupying forces. Earth's last hope for salvation is...Voogie's Angels.
 Kagami Junichirou was known as a physics genius when he was a teenager, and he was even published in "Nature." However, after college, he suddenly lost all interest in science. As a NEET, he's devoted himself to his anime blog and nerdy collecting habits. He claims he has a serious illness called "I can't do anything I don't want to do." Desperate to get him to do something with his life, his little sister manages to get him a job teaching physics at his old high school. He's certainly an unconventional teacher, but he becomes fairly popular with the students. After helping a girl who's being ruthlessly bullied, Kagami finds that he actually likes teaching. Will he continue his career as a weird teacher? Will he go back into physics? Or will he end up back where he started?
 Kagami Junichirou was known as a physics genius when he was a teenager, and he was even published in "Nature." However, after college, he suddenly lost all interest in science. As a NEET, he's devoted himself to his anime blog and nerdy collecting habits. He claims he has a serious illness called "I can't do anything I don't want to do." Desperate to get him to do something with his life, his little sister manages to get him a job teaching physics at his old high school. He's certainly an unconventional teacher, but he becomes fairly popular with the students. After helping a girl who's being ruthlessly bullied, Kagami finds that he actually likes teaching. Will he continue his career as a weird teacher? Will he go back into physics? Or will he end up back where he started?
 Juuzawa Juu is a delinquent high school boy who just wants to be left alone. One day, he is approached by Ochibana Ame, who claims that she knew him in a previous life, and now wants to serve him as his “knight”. At first Juu wants nothing to do with Ame, but after a classmate is murdered, he accepts her help as he looks for the killer.
 Mankind has traveled to the stars and come across various alien civilizations, now long dead. Upon discovering the archaeological remains of such a civilization on the planet Solo, humanity finally has its first encounter with a living alien species
 One day, the Earth was assaulted by a space pirate, Orbus. He aimed at Planet Energy, the life energy of the Earth. If several Release Points, where the Planet Energy concentrated, were attacked at once, the Earth would explode.When the first attack was made, Takasugi Seiji escaped into an old temple with his girl friend Kosaka Hikaru. Then, he received, Orin, a token of the leader of the Earth guardians, from the conscience of the Earth. By the power of Orin, the patrol car was turned into a Robot, Da Garn.
 Ryner Lute is a lazy student of the Roland Empire Royal Magician's Academy. One day, the Roland Empire goes to war against their neighboring country Estabul, and Ryner loses his classmates in the war. After the war, Ryner sets out on a journey to search the relics of a "Legendary Hero" at King Sion Astal's command and finds out that a deadly curse is spreading throughout the continent.
 In the peaceful life of modern Japan, Shaorin and Tasuke explore their relationship amid familiar interventions and new challenges. Shaorin begins to discover why she chose to stay with Tasuke, and Tasuke begins to learn the depth of his love toward Shaorin.
 The silent scandal of a utility pole, secretly lighting the outskirts of the city.The film is set during the nostalgic time before cellular phones in Japan, and tells the love story of a human and a utility pole.Elemi the power pole becomes infatuated with electrician Mr. Takahashi. Pretending she is human, she decides to ring him. But this contact is forbidden in the law of power poles. Eventually, rumours spread all over town and Elemi is summoned to court.
 In the future, Japan is a wasteland. In the Great Kantou Desert, scattered humans eke out a living in the hot sand. Among them, a short-statured man they call Sunabouzu makes a living as a bounty hunter. Like a demon of the sand, he seems unbeatable. Yet, like all men, he has a particular weakness for the opposite sex...
 In the future, Japan is a wasteland. In the Great Kantou Desert, scattered humans eke out a living in the hot sand. Among them, a short-statured man they call "Sunabouzu" makes a living as a bounty hunter. Like a demon of the sand, he seems unbeatable. Yet, like all men, he has a particular weakness for the opposite sex...

 The devil king Lucifero suddenly declares he's going to retire, and must choose a successor. The Devil King Cadets gather one after another, and go to the human world to participate in the succession contest. But only the devil king's own descendant Osamu has no interest whatsoever in the contest. Compared to the fate of the world, Osamu is more interested in his part-time job at a convenience store. Osamu has no choice, however, but to start collecting familiars called "Child," which are born from human souls. Osamu still only has an interest in his part-time job, and he's a few steps behind the rest of the Cadets.
 Kudo Shinichi is a seventeen year-old high school detective whom people call the "Modern Sherlock Holmes." However, one night after a date with his childhood sweetheart, Ran, Shinichi witnessed an illegal trade and, caught off his guard, was knocked unconscious and fed a drug that was supposed to kill him... but he woke up and found himself shrunken to a seven year-old. In order to track down the men who did this to him, Shinichi hid his identity and lived with Ran, whose father happened to be a hopeless detective, and with that came a series of murders and mysteries that he must solve.
 Shinichi Kudou, a great mystery expert at only seventeen, is already well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi sees two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. When the men catch Shinichi, they dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization and abandon him to die. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi is still alive and soon wakes up, but now, he has the body of a seven-year-old, perfectly preserving his original intelligence. He hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri, and takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa (inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa).Animated by TMS and adapted from the manga by Gosho Aoyama, Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday.
 Taking the original story of Detective Conan, this first Conan film follows his adventures as he struggles to find and capture a mad bomber who's loose in his home town. Chasing bomb after bomb, Conan must stop him before he destroys a skyscraper in the middle of the city, which has the potential to cause millions of dollars in damage and kill hundreds. Who's planting the bombs? What are his motives? Gather clues with Conan and find out!
 Ran has a nightmare about her mother dying, but starts to remember what really happened involving herself, her mother, and her father from 10 years ago. Meanwhile, people are being injured by a certain culprit. Conan soon realizes that these people all have some kind of relation to Mouri, and that they all had a number in their name corresponding to a playing card and were being targeted in order, from the king down to the ace. The police soon decide that a murderous card dealer who just got out of jail and wanted revenge on Mouri is behind it. However, as injuries become murders and it is a race to predict who the next victims will be, Conan soon finds that the truth is something completely different, while learning about the incident from 10 years ago in the process.
 Kaitou Kid announces to the police that he intends to steal the Russian Imperial Easter Egg, which is currently being held in Osaka. As Conan pursues his rival, he discovers that there's more to this case then simply stopping a robbery.
 A series of murders have occurred with police officers as victims. One of the officers is shot right in front of Ran's eyes, and the shock of the incident causes Ran to lose her memory of everyone and everything around her. Now Conan must help Ran regain her lost memories, while also protecting her from the murderer, who is targeting Ran for witnessing the crime.
 As a pair of towers in Tokyo are being prepared for their grand opening, there is a series of murders of people connected to the towers. Conan suspects that the mysterious Syndicate may also be involved.
 Conan was invited to a party with many other guests. They were there to test a new virtual game system, when a murder mystery occured. Now Conan must go into the game system to figure out who the murderer is with the help of the famous book character Sherlock Holmes. The lives of 49 kids testing the game are in his hands.
 Kudou Shin'ichi, aka Edogawa Conan, is confronted with a series of bombings which seem somehow connected to him. Who is the madman planting bombs and why is he doing it? If Shin'ichi doesn't solve the case in time, his loved one will fall victim to it.
 Kogoro and Conan came to Yokohama according to a request from a mysterious man. But that was a trap of this man. Ran and the Detective Boys will be taken as hostages.If they don't solve the request of the man within 12 hours, the bombs attached to the hostages will explode. Furthermore, the man know that Conan's true identity is Kudo Shinichi. Also Hattori Heiji, the High School Detective of the West, and Kaito Kid enter the stage. Will they be able to solve the mystery within the time limit and save Ran and the others? And who in the world is the client?
 The Isle of Koumi, a beautiful island in the Pacific Ocean. On the island, people pass an old legend down from generation to generation that there was the Seabed Palace, an ancient ruin at the bottom of the sea, where the treasure of 2 female pirates, Anne Bonnie & Mary Reed (who really existed 300 years ago), was left.When Conan and his friends visit Koumi Island while on vacation, they meet some treasure hunters. There was something suspicious about them.
 Serial murders involving all kinds have happened. All the victims are from a Music School led by a famous pianist. Conan and company have been invited to a opening concert of the Music Hall built by the pianist.
 2008
 Kaitou Kid has his eyes set on the "Lady of the Sky" jewel aboard Bell 3, the largest airship in the world. However, a mysterious terrorist group called Red Shamu-neko has hijacked the airship itself, along with Conan, Kogoro and Ran.
 When the governor of Tokyo is threatened, only Conan's quick thinking prevents any fatalities as a subway tunnel is blown up. Conan learns there may be a connection to a village that was relocated for the construction of a dam, and he races to stop the criminal before the next attack.
 After an interaction with J-League professional players, Conan and his friends watch the big match between the Tokyo Spirits and Gamba Osaka, only to find out that a bomb has been planted in the stadium.It is now up to Conan once again to foil the culprit's plans and reveal his/her true identity.
 The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's Ministry of Defence and Maritime Self-Defence Force. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against a dangerous criminal.
 Shuichi Akai is targeted by a mysterious sniper and Masumi Sera is shot. Tokyo is in panic, citizens are taken in the shooting of a sniper. Nothing is known about him. Why was Sera targeted? Will Akai survive from this? Jodie Starling and Subaru Okiya are also in this one. Will Conan be able to find and apprehend the culprit?
 Kaitou Kid and Vincent van Gogh's artworks feature heavily in the movie, according to an interview with Gosho Aoyama. The teaser preview at the end of Dimensional Sniper included references to van Gogh's "Sunflowers" series.
 Kaitou Kid and Vincent van Gogh's artworks feature heavily in the movie, according to an interview with Gosho Aoyama. The teaser preview at the end of Dimensional Sniper included references to van Gogh's "Sunflowers" series.
 The movie starts with Ran having a nightmare about her mother getting shot and killed. Ten years ago, Kogoro Mouri along with Dr. Agasa, Eri Kisaki, and Inspector Megure helped arrest a murderous card dealer - Murakami Jo.Though in order to bring the killer down...Kogoro shot Eri (Ran's mother). Now ten years later, Murakami Jo has been released from prison serving his time....and looking for revenge. Already injuring 3 people, he means business. Conan and Kogoro must figure out the next victim is and stop the killer before he actually kills.
 In the film's story, there is a sudden explosion at Tokyo Summit's giant Edge of Ocean facility. The shadow of Tooru Amuro, who works for the National Police Agency Security Bureau as Zero, appears at the site. In addition, the "triple-face" character is known as Rei Furuya as a detective and Kogorou Mouri's apprentice, and he is also known as Bourbon as a Black Organization member. Kogorou is arrested as a suspect in the case of the explosion. Conan conducts an investigation to prove Kogorou's innocence, but Amuro gets in his way.(Source
 In the film's story, there is a sudden explosion at Tokyo Summit's giant Edge of Ocean facility. The shadow of Tooru Amuro, who works for the National Police Agency Security Bureau as Zero, appears at the site. In addition, the "triple-face" character is known as Rei Furuya as a detective and Kogorou Mouri's apprentice, and he is also known as Bourbon as a Black Organization member. Kogorou is arrested as a suspect in the case of the explosion. Conan conducts an investigation to prove Kogorou's innocence, but Amuro gets in his way.
 23rd Detective Conan Movie.
 23rd Detective Conan Movie.
 24th Detective Conan Movie.
 Shibuya, Tokyo, is bustling with the Halloween season. A wedding is being held at Shibuya Hikarie, where Sato is dressed in a wedding dress. While Conan and the other invited guests are watching, an assailant suddenly bursts in, and Takagi, who was trying to protect Sato, is injured. Takagi survived and the situation was settled, but in Sato's eyes, the image of the grim reaper that she had seen when Jinpei Matsuda, the man she had been in love with, had been killed in a series of bombings three years ago, overlapped with Takagi's.At the same time, the perpetrator of the bombings escapes from prison. Rei Furuya/Toru Amuro, a member of the public safety police, is hunting down the man who killed his classmate, but a mysterious person in disguise suddenly appears and puts a collar bomb on him.Conan visits the underground shelter where Amuro is hiding out to disarm the collar bomb, and hears about an incident three years ago when he and his now deceased classmates from the police academy encountered an unidentified virtual bomber named "Plamya" in Shibuya. As Conan and his team investigate, a disturbing shadow begins to loom over them.
 Kaitou Kid has left a note to the police that he intends to steal the Easter Egg of the Romanov Dynasty, which was found in the Suzuki corporation in Osaka.Mouri Kogorou is on the force that tries to prevent him from doing that, and Conan of course follows. However, Kaitou is not the only one going after the egg.
 Police officers are targeted and killed by an unknown person. Thinking the suspect is connected to the police force, they are keeping quiet about the situation. Though when officer Satou Keiji is injured by this killer, Ran is the only eye wittiness.Suffering from traumatic shock, she loses her memory of everything in her life. As a result, the killer now knows that Ran has seen his/her face, and plans to get rid of the only eye witness. Conan must find the murderer while protecting his identity.
 The opening ceremony for the new Twin-Tower building in Nishitamashi City is about to happen. With 75 floors, the towers seem to reach the heavens when seen from below. Conan and the others see the towers on their way to a camping trip and decide to stop by.They soon meet up with Ran, Sonoko and Kogorou coincidentally.The president of the Tokiwa Group, Tokiwa Mio, knows Kogoro from college and planned on showing him around before the public opening. While on the 75th floor, where the party is taking place, Conan overhears a couple of workers discussing an unusual car that was seen parked in front of the building
 Conan is invited to a party with many other guests, to test a new virtual game system, when a murder mystery occurs. Now Conan must dive into the game system to figure out who the murderer is, with the help of the famous fictional character Sherlock Holmes. The lives of 49 kids testing the game are in his hands.
 A temple in Tokyo. Three men were holding a secret meeting there. Suddenly, there appeared a dark, shadowy man wearing a Okina mask, and by using a Japanese sword and Bow, murdered the three men instantly.At the same time as this incident, Osaka and Kyoto also had one man murdered each. The police department concluded that the Five men that died were members of the "Genjibotaru", a group of thieves who had repeatedly stole various artifacts and art pieces from the cities of Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto.
 Maki Juri, a famous actress, asks Mouri Kogorou for help. It is to guess the true meaning of Kaitou Kid's preliminary announcement that he is going to steal her star sapphire ring, the Jewel of Fate.Kogorou predicts that Kid will appear on the final day of the public performance of the play Maki Juri is in, and that he will rob the star sapphire during the play. The party of Kogorou, Ran, Conan, and the Detective Boys, who had been invited to the play in order to confirm whether a crime will take place as Kogorou predicts.

 2008
 Kudo Shinichi is a seventeen year-old high school detective whom people call the "Modern Sherlock Holmes." However, one night after a date with his childhood sweetheart, Ran, Shinichi witnessed an illegal trade and, caught off his guard, was knocked unconscious and fed a drug that was supposed to kill him... but he woke up and found himself shrunken to a seven year-old. In order to track down the men who did this to him, Shinichi hid his identity and lived with Ran, whose father happened to be a hopeless detective, and with that came a series of murders and mysteries that he must solve.
 The "real" episode 1 of Detective Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.
 The "real" episode 1 of Detective Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.
 The "real" episode 1 of Detective Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.
 Kaito Kuroba, a normal teenage student whose father is often absent for vaguely defined reasons. When his father dies under mysterious circumstances, he is made aware of his father’s secret identity; a famous international criminal known as International Criminal 1412
 The special contains the footage from episodes featuring Takagi and Sato, with a new narration from Conan and re-recorded line of Takagi and Sato.In the end scene, Sato is preparing herself as the bride as Yumi approach her. Meanwhile, Takagi is waiting outside. Those scenes are leading to the events in The Bride of Halloween.
 File 594 that was never animated. To celebrate Detective Conan Movie 18 premiere, it was animated and streamed on NOTTV. This is where Kogorou Mouri is the fugitive.
 Fleeing from his own race, Orgun - an alien being with superhuman abilities and unearthly weapons - travels to Earth to find an answer to his origin. There, he bonds with a young man named Tomoru to defend Earth against the Evoluders, who seek nothing but destruction of other civilizations.
 Souichi Negishi is a shy young man who came from the rural Ota Prefecture to Tokyo for college and wished to become a kindergarten teacher. However, for some reason he became the singer and songwriter of a metal band named "Detroit Metal City," with a stage name "Johannes Krauser II." Whenever he wears the heavy makeup, Negishi becomes a completely different person, shouting the most vulgar profanities beyond anyone's imagination. With the popularity of DMC increases, Negishi starts worrying his double personalities can have negative effects on his (romantic) life off stage.
 This is a special introductory episode of Detroit Metal City.
 Three devil girls Aira, Shima, and Hana live in the human world. Leading a dazzling school life with efforts and friendships, they aim to be idols. It's a heart-bumping anime climbing that stairs... Not! They don't know the answer to "What is Idol?" and weaver in the road to becoming an idol with trials and errors. Rocket-sensei will kindly (and sometimes strictly) lead them to become real idols in an unique way... for sure.
 Yohko Mono is a regular girl making her way through high school--until she learns that she is the 108th successor to a line of warriors charged with defending the earth against demons. Eventually she must fight her ultimate battle against the demon who started it all.
 Devil May Cry follows the adventures of the demon hunter Dante who himself is half demon and half human. Dante is hired through his own business named “Devil May Cry”. The characters are based off of the popular capcom playstation 2 games.
 Devil May Cry follows the story of the demon hunter known as Dante. As a half demon, half human, he uses his trusty sword Rebellion and his two guns Ebony and Ivory to take on missions. Dante owns and runs "Devil May Cry", a business that specializes in hunting and killing demon-related problems. Based on the video game series "Devil May Cry".Episodes
 Mysterious invaders called the Septentriones arrive in Japan and begin attacking the country on a Sunday. To fight back, the heroes in Devil Survivor 2 signed a pact with the devil to become the Thirteen Devil Messengers. The Septentriones show up at least once a day and you have a time limit of seven days to defeat them.
 Mysterious invaders called the Septentriones arrive in Japan and begin attacking the country on a Sunday. To fight back, the heroes in Devil Survivor 2 signed a pact with the devil to become the Thirteen Devil Messengers. The Septentriones show up at least once a day and you have a time limit of seven days to defeat them.
 Devilman features Akira Fudo, a shy and timid teenager who has gone mountain climbing in the Himalayas with his father. While in the middle of the expedition, both father and son are killed in a tragic accident. Akira's body is found and possessed by the demon soldier Devilman, who uses his new human form as a disguise in order to fulfill his mission of causing chaos on Earth in order to pave the way for a demonic invasion of the planet.Before his mission can begin in earnest, Devilman meets Akira's childhood friend Miki Makimura and quickly falls in love with her. Devilman resolves to protect Miki and humanity as a whole by battling against his fellow demons. Demon Tribe leader Zennon becomes greatly angered at Devilman's betrayal and is quick to send Devilman's former comrades to destroy him. The other demons soon learn that Miki is precious to Devilman and he must now work to protect her, as well as protect himself. Will the power of love be able to overcome that of true evil?
 Fudo Jun is a beautiful supermodel who is idolized by many. She also has a dark secret that not even she knows about at first, for within her veins run the genes that hold the next step in the evolution of mankind. The same blood as the beastlike superhumans that terrorize the city. Unlike the rest of them, though, Jun has managed to hold a tenuous grip onto her humanity, and she is recruited by the mysterious Asuka Ran, member of a secret organization within the government, aimed at controlling, if not eliminating, these berserk destroyers of mankind. Jun, as Devilman Lady, must now exterminate her own kind, but how much longer can she keep her sanity in a situation she never chose in the first place?
 Fudo Jun is a beautiful supermodel who is idolized by many. She also has a dark secret that not even she knows about at first, for within her veins run the genes that hold the next step in the evolution of mankind. The same blood as the beastlike superhumans that terrorize the city. Unlike the rest of them, though, Jun has managed to hold a tenuous grip onto her humanity, and she is recruited by the mysterious Asuka Ran, member of a secret organization within the government, aimed at controlling, if not eliminating, these berserk destroyers of mankind. Jun, as Devilman Lady, must now exterminate her own kind, but how much longer can she keep her sanity in a situation she never chose in the first place?
 Demons exist and their power is beyond what humans can fathom. In fact they are so strong that humans do not stand a chance against them in a fight. The only thing strong enough to defeat a demon is another demon and it is through this logic that Asuka Ryou hatches the plan to have his good-hearted friend Fudou Akira possessed by a demon. If a person has a pure heart, then he might be able to control the demon that possesses him and thereby acquire power equal to that of a demon. After raising some hell in a club the plan works and Akira is possessed by the powerful demon known as Amon. Now Akira is humanity's sole champion of justice against the hidden demon menace that has plagued mankind since the dawn of time.
 Akira Fudo is informed by his best friend Ryou Asuka that the demons will revive and reclaim the world from the humans. As the humans do not stand a chance against the supernatural power of the demons, Ryou suggests fusing with a demon. Akira becomes Devilman, with the power of a demon and the heart of a human.
 Devils cannot take form without a living host. However, if the will of an individual is strong enough, they can overcome the demon and make its power their own, becoming a Devilman.Weak and unassuming, Akira Fudou has always had a bleeding heart. So when his childhood friend Ryou Asuka asks for his help in uncovering devils, Akira accepts without hesitation. However, to Akira's surprise, the place they go to is Sabbath
 Anzai, half vampire, and Tsukasa, a normal school girl.Vampires seem to be living among humans. Of course the government does not know of their existence, because their appearance does not differ from humans. They also do not need to drink blood, but when they get a craving or get angry, they can become uncontrollable monsters.
 Anzai, half vampire, and Tsukasa, a normal school girl.Vampires seem to be living among humans. Of course the government does not know of their existence, because their appearance does not differ from humans. They also do not need to drink blood, but when they get a craving or get angry, they can become uncontrollable monsters.
 Bundled with the limited edition of the manga' 12th compiled volume.
 Lin Chen was betrayed and his martial arts were crippled however, he had unexpectedly made a fateful encounter with the sacred engulfing star map, which led to the awakening of the Holy Vein constitution, and reaching the pinnacle of cultivation!
 Di Gi Charat is a series of shorts created as advertisements for "Digital Gamers", a store in Akihabara. The series follows Dejiko, princess of Di Gi Charat planet, and her companions, Puchiko and Gema, as well as Dejiko's rival, Rabi~en~Rose through daily ordeals they encounter while working at Gamers.Princess Di Gi Charat came from the planet Di Gi Charat given only a cat cap and an outfit to disguise herself. Unfortunately she came with no money, only her guardian Gema and friend Petite Charat. Luckily the three stumbled upon a manager of the store Gamers, who offered them a home if they worked at the store. However Di Gi Charat is a selfish young girl who wishes of becoming a star.
 The Christmas Special aired in December 2000 and featured Piyoko again attempting to capture Dejiko by inviting all the characters on a cruise.

 Di Gi Charat (a.k.a. Dejiko) - along with Petit Charat (a.k.a. Puchiko) and Gema - travels to Earth as part of her training to become a full-fledged princess. They crash on a small town in Japan, where they meet the Omocha brothers (who spend most of their time thinking how cute Puchiko is) and Mr. & Mrs. Ankoro (an elderly couple that makes Japanese sweets).
 Di Gi Charat (a.k.a. Dejiko) - along with Petit Charat (a.k.a. Puchiko) and Gema - travels to Earth as part of her training to become a full-fledged princess. They crash on a small town in Japan, where they meet the Omocha brothers (who spend most of their time thinking how cute Puchiko is) and Mr. & Mrs. Ankoro (an elderly couple that makes Japanese sweets).


 Di Gi Charat (call her Dejiko for short) and Petit Charat (the cute little charat) come down to Earth, where they want to be idols, or something like that. Rabi~en~Rose (a random girl with bunny ears) decides they're in her way of becoming an idol herself. They all end up working at Gamers, where various otaku, children, and humanoid fingers walk in and act like morons.Contains
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Chu Yuan is at the palace courtroom while Duan Baiyue is at the Southwest. Everyone believes they’re in opposition to each other, but turns out that may not be the case. Chu Yuan needs to become a good Emperor, and Duan Baiyue will be his best assistant.
 OVA of Diabolik Lovers included with the upcoming game Diabolik Lovers DARK FATE.
 If a couple sees the diamond dust together, then they will certainly find eternal happiness. Or so it is said. This is a drama about the romances, friendships and conflicts of six girls from Hokkaido and how the diamond dust affects them and eventually links them together in the search for happiness.
 The story follows Eijun Sawamura, a pitcher who joins an elite school with a brilliant catcher named Kazuya Miyuki. Together with the rest of the team, they strive for Japan’s storied Koushien championships through hard work and determination.
 The limited-edition DVD will animate "Face -Kominato Ryousuke Special Bangai-hen-", which appeared in the Ace of Diamond Official Guidebook Ura and tells the "moving secret story of the Kominato brothers that cannot be seen in the television series."
 Picking up the next year after the end of the fall tournament, Seidou High School baseball team battle it out with new and old faces as they begin their tournament run at Koshien.
 Second season of Diamond no Ace.

 The story follows the daily life of a group of birds, including a duck, an old nihilistic great grey owl, and a gluttonous Caique parrot.
 On May 1, 1945 in Berlin, as the Red Army raises the Soviet flag over the Reichskanzlei, a group of Nazi officers conduct a ritual. For them, the slaughter in the city is nothing but the perfect ritual sacrifice in order to bring back the Order of the 13 Lances, a group of supermen whose coming would bring the world's destruction. Years later, no one knows if this group of officers succeeded, or whether they lived or died. Few know of their existence, and even those who knew began to pass away as the decades passed.Now in December in the present day in Suwahara City, Ren Fujii spends his days at the hospital. It has been two months since the incident that brought him to the hospital
 On May 1, 1945 in Berlin, as the Red Army raises the Soviet flag over the Reichskanzlei, a group of Nazi officers conduct a ritual. For them, the slaughter in the city is nothing but the perfect ritual sacrifice in order to bring back the Order of the 13 Lances, a group of supermen whose coming would bring the world's destruction. Years later, no one knows if this group of officers succeeded, or whether they lived or died. Few know of their existence, and even those who knew began to pass away as the decades passed.
 Seven kids at summer camp are unexpectedly transported by digivices to a colorful and enigmatic world. Lost and alone, they are befriended by small digital monsters, Digimons. The kids and their Digimon partners quickly become inseparable, and the little creatures guide their human friends through the wondrous DigiWorld, protecting them from the hordes of evil Digimons. The group soon discovers that some of the giant Digimons they encounter are not evil Digimons but good Digimons gone bad. A dark power is corrupting even the most gentle of Digimons by embedding Black Gears into them, turning them into vicious monsters. Creating chaos and destruction wherever it goes, the evil power threatens all of DigiWorld. As they try to find their way back home, the seven kids are drawn further and further into the mystery. Through teamwork and trust, they help their newfound Digimon friends digivolve from "monsters in training" to giant champions that must save the DigiWorld from the powerful evil intent on destroying it.
 The new anime will take place in 2020 and will feature an all-new story centering on Taichi Yagami when he is in his fifth year in elementary school. His partner is Agumon. The story begins in Tokyo when a large-scale network malfunction occurs. Taichi is preparing for his weekend summer camping trip when the incident happens. Taichi's mother and his younger sister Hikari get stuck on a train that won't stop moving, and Taichi heads to Shibuya in order to help them. However, on his way there, he encounters a strange phenomenon and sweeps him up into the Digital World along with the other DigiDestined.
 In the year 2020, technology is everywhere. Every digital device around the world is connected by a singular network where data travels. Unbeknownst to humans, this network has become home to life forms known as "Digimon."Fifth-grader Taichi Yagami is preparing for summer camp when strange occurrences begin in Tokyo; certain electronic systems have started going haywire. When he discovers that his sister and mother are trapped on an unstoppable train, he rushes to the nearby station. Suddenly, Taichi is transported to another world where he meets a strange creature by the name of Agumon, who somehow already knows his name. Taichi also receives a strange device called a "Digivice," which allows him to communicate with the undigitized world.Taichi discovers he is in the "Network," and virus-like Digimon are attacking the areas that maintain Tokyo’s electronic systems. It is up to Taichi and his new partner Agumon to stop these cyberattacks before the whole world is threatened by the actions of mischievous Digimon.
 Seven kids are transported to the Digital World, a strange place where digital creatures called "Digimon" reside. A group of Digimon soon befriend them and keep the kids out of harm's way. The children then discover they are the Chosen Children, which protect the Digital World from evil Digimon like Devimon and Vamdemon.
 A few years after the adventures of the Chosen Children in the Digital World, a new batch of Chosen Children are summoned to save the Digital World. An evil ruler known as the Digimon Kaiser, or Digimon Emperor, is forcing the Digital World's Digimon into enslavement. The new group of Chosen Children, with the help of their Digimon, then begin a journey to stop the evil Digimon Emperor.
 Years after a young boy in America loses one of his Digimon friends, an evil viral Digimon successfully kidnaps the original Chosen Children. Their younger friends must race against time with their Digimon partners to discover the source of this new menace, and perhaps solve a years-old mystery.
 After the events of 02, everything is finally getting back to normal. That is, until a strangely familiar icon starts showing up on computer systems around the Japan. And not just computer systems... TVs, mobile phones, video games; anything with a screen with online capabilities. And this icon seems to be looking for somone... Yagami Taichi, and Ishida Yamato, who defeated it several years before. Yes, it turns out that this jellyfish digimon is in fact Diablomon, the Virus-type Digimon that was defeated in the second movie. But this time, he's learned to make himself physical, and is sending thousands of copies of himself into the real world.Koushiro and Ken devise a plan to rid the world of the virus once and for all, but it'll take the help of all the Destined, past and present. Once again, it's a race against time to put a stop to Diablomon's plot... but even that is cloaked in shadow.Will the revival of Omagamon be enough to stop Diablomon a second time, or will the millions of copies prove enough of a power boost to shrug off the "Digimon Champion of Justice"? Of course, he hasn't seen the new breed of Chosen, nor the new techniques. It's a fight to the finish, with the destruction of Tokyo resting on the line.
 A new Digimon Adventure 02 movie telling the story of the first person to ever partner with a Digimon.
 After the events of 02, everything is finally getting back to normal. That is, until a strangely familiar icon starts showing up on computer systems around the Japan. And not just computer systems...TVs, mobile phones, video games; anything with a screen with online capabilities. And this icon seems to be looking for somone... Yagami Taichi, and Ishida Yamato, who defeated it several years before. Yes, it turns out that this jellyfish digimon is in fact Diablomon, the Virus-type Digimon that was defeated in the second movie. But this time, he's learned to make himself physical, and is sending thousands of copies of himself into the real world.
 The second season of Digimon begins three years after the end of the second movie. Most of the original Chosen have moved on in life, but still keep the memories of the last summer in their hearts Taichi and Yamato are in middle school now, as well as Koushiro and Sora. Jou is writing his high school entrance exams, and Mimi's moved to America. Still, Takeru and Hikari continue their lives, and meet some new friends at school.These new friends are dragged into something beyond their understanding as the original Destined recieve a distress call from the digital world about a new enemy
 A brother and sister discover the digital world is more than 1s and 0s when a living creature arrives out of the family computer. The adventures of a group of children start with the appearance of a Digital Monster in the real world.
 This 20-minute motion picture was the original pilot for the Digimon Adventure series, and tells, in more detail, the story that was regaled in Ep. 20 of Adventures. The story of the mysterious Digimon sighting and battle outside the Hieghton Veiw Terrace, where all the Chosen Children live.
 This 20-minute motion picture was the original pilot for the Digimon Adventure series, and tells, in more detail, the story that was regaled in Ep. 20 of Adventures. The story of the mysterious Digimon sighting and battle outside the Hieghton Veiw Terrace, where all the Chosen Children live.
 Fifteen years after the summer vacation.If we didn't go to the Digital World. If I didn't make this trip with others. If we didn't change at all like this.These Digimon were always with us. We've been friends all the time. We learned the importance of helping each other. All the things have made us what we are!New stories for all the "DigiDestined" in the world. Taichi, seventeen, high school days.
 Time has passed since Alphamon appeared, and restoration work has moved ahead little by little in the town of Odaiba."I had decided once I got back to Japan, I'd be sure to take a dip in a big bath!" shouts Mimi. Because of that and a desire to make their new members Meiko Mochizuki and Meicoomon feel welcome, the DigiDestined go to a nearby hot springs theme park. Everyone has a good time, but Joe doesn't show up.Joe feels caught between the imminent reality of college entrance exams, and his responsibilities as a DigiDestined."Why do we have to do this again?"Just then, another infected Digimon appears in Odaiba. It's that proud virus type, Ogremon... As a TV station helicopter relays a broadcast of his rampage, Mimi and Palmon spring into action."We'll show people that there are good Digimon, too!"Mimi and Palmon ignore Koushirou's attempts to hold them back, however, and their battle brings about unforeseen consequences...Joe and Mimi each have their own troubles. Then on the day of Tsukishima General High School's festival, that man appears before them...The adventure now evolves once again...
 Taichi and friends can't hide how disturbing it was that something suddenly went wrong with Meicoomon, causing her to destroy Leomon and disappear beyond the distortion."If Meicoomon was infected, I want to find out what caused it. Were there any signs it had happened? And when in the world did it occur?" Faced with a situation beyond imagination, Koushirou struggles to come up with some countermeasure.But with no effective means at his disposal, he ends up grilling Meiko for information. "Please remember. I need information if I'm going to find out what's behind the infection." Meiko hangs her head, unable to offer any answer...Agumon and the others had been quarantined in Koushirou's office to protect against infection, but Patamon starts showing signs of it anyway... At the same time, Agumon and the others are informed via the voice dwelling within Hikari about an important secret concerning the Digital World."The time... draws near..."Then during the battle against Meicoomon when she shows up again, said "time" arrives. Taichi and friends agonize over the revealed secret. As the feelings of each of them intertwine, they arrive at a certain determination..."If we wait around for 'someday', before you know it we'll find ourselves having grown up."The adventure now evolves once again...
 Taichi and friends can't hide how disturbing it was that something suddenly went wrong with Meicoomon, causing her to destroy Leomon and disappear beyond the distortion."If Meicoomon was infected, I want to find out what caused it. Were there any signs it had happened? And when in the world did it occur?" Faced with a situation beyond imagination, Koushirou struggles to come up with some countermeasure.But with no effective means at his disposal, he ends up grilling Meiko for information. "Please remember. I need information if I'm going to find out what's behind the infection." Meiko hangs her head, unable to offer any answer...Agumon and the others had been quarantined in Koushirou's office to protect against infection, but Patamon starts showing signs of it anyway... At the same time, Agumon and the others are informed via the voice dwelling within Hikari about an important secret concerning the Digital World."The time... draws near..."Then during the battle against Meicoomon when she shows up again, said "time" arrives. Taichi and friends agonize over the revealed secret. As the feelings of each of them intertwine, they arrive at a certain determination..."If we wait around for 'someday', before you know it we'll find ourselves having grown up."The adventure now evolves once again...
 First there was Meicoomon's rampage, and then the reboot ended up happening. Taichi and friends left Meiko behind in her anguish, and headed for the Digital World.They reunite with their partner Digimon, who have lost all their memories up to this point. Even so, the DigiDestined decide to reach out and rebuild those bonds, and their Digimon respond in kind. The sole exception is Biyomon, who is openly wary even after digivolving to her Rookie stage..."I told you, I don't know anything about 'the past'!"Sora's kindness in putting others before herself only makes Biyomon that much more suspicious. This leaves Sora stunned and hurt, and Taichi and Yamato are at a loss for what to say to her.As everyone discusses what they should do from here in the Digital World, Meicoomon suddenly appears and then vanishes. For some reason she still has her memories, as she wanders around with tears in her eyes, looking for Meiko. Seeing this strengthens the kids' resolve to travel through the Digital World in order to save Meicoomon. But then before their eyes appears that man who had been with the Dark Masters.Meanwhile in the real world, Nishijima receives word that Himekawa has gone missing. As he investigates, he determines that there's been some hidden agenda behind her behavior up to this point. It has something to do with an event in the past that determined both their destinies...The adventure now evolves once again...
 First there was Meicoomon's rampage, and then the reboot ended up happening. Taichi and friends left Meiko behind in her anguish, and headed for the Digital World.They reunite with their partner Digimon, who have lost all their memories up to this point. Even so, the DigiDestined decide to reach out and rebuild those bonds, and their Digimon respond in kind. The sole exception is Biyomon, who is openly wary even after digivolving to her Rookie stage..."I told you, I don't know anything about 'the past'!"Sora's kindness in putting others before herself only makes Biyomon that much more suspicious. This leaves Sora stunned and hurt, and Taichi and Yamato are at a loss for what to say to her.As everyone discusses what they should do from here in the Digital World, Meicoomon suddenly appears and then vanishes. For some reason she still has her memories, as she wanders around with tears in her eyes, looking for Meiko. Seeing this strengthens the kids' resolve to travel through the Digital World in order to save Meicoomon. But then before their eyes appears that man who had been with the Dark Masters.Meanwhile in the real world, Nishijima receives word that Himekawa has gone missing. As he investigates, he determines that there's been some hidden agenda behind her behavior up to this point. It has something to do with an event in the past that determined both their destinies...The adventure now evolves once again...
 Fifth Digimon Adventure tri film.
 Fifth Digimon Adventure tri film.
 Sixth and final Digimon Adventure tri film.
 Sixth and final Digimon Adventure tri film.
 A crowdfunding campaign opened for the "Digimon Adventure Memorial Story Project." It was for 5 shorts that included a prequel of the upcoming film and side stories about the daily lives of the Digimon characters and their partners, which are stories that did not make it into the film.
 This movie takes place after the Adventure series ends. It begins when a new Digimon Egg is found on the internet, and manages to penetrate into almost every computer system in Japan. When the egg hatches, it's identified as a new kind of Digimon, a Virus-type. It sustains itself by eating data from various system, and starts wreaking havok in Japan. As it consumes more and more data, it continues to evolve. And Taichi and Koushiro decide it's time to stop it.They're off, sending Agumon and Tentomon through the internet to fight off this new enemy. But, with the Virus controlling systems like the American military, all too soon, this digital menace may become all too real. Calling in the help of Yamato and Takeru, they hope that they can stop what's already begun, and maybe save this world a second time.
 New Digimon Adventure movie commemorating 20th Anniversary.
 New Digimon Adventure movie commemorating 20th Anniversary.
 Fourth Season of Digimon Adventure. 5 children receive strange messages on their cell phones that lead them to a train that takes them to the Digital World; a strange world filled with bizzare creatures called Digimon. These children have been sent there to stop an evil Digimon named Cherubimon from completely annihilating the planet of all its inhabitants. In order to accomplish this, the 5 children must locate their spirits, which will evolve them into the Legendary Warrior Digimon.Unfortunately for them Cherubimon has ordered his servants to stop the kids from finishing the mission; eventually the children will have to fight Cherubimon's forces in order to save the planet.With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digi-World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Zoe, J.P. and Tommy meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digi-World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digi-World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five chosen ones must become digimon. Something that no digidestined has done before.
 The five digi-destined children stumble upon an ancient island inhabited by two different types of digimon; The Beast types, and the Human types. When they see two young digimon-a beast and humanoid-have become friends, they decide something must be done about the feud.
 With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit).
 Recap of the first 24 episodes of Digimon Ghost Game.
 This movie takes place after the Adventure series ends. It begins when a new Digimon Egg is found on the internet, and manages to penetrate into almost every computer system in Japan. When the egg hatches, it's identified as a new kind of Digimon, a Virus-type. It sustains itself by eating data from various system, and starts wreaking havok in Japan. As it consumes more and more data, it continues to evolve. And Taichi and Koushiro decide it's time to stop it.They're off, sending Agumon and Tentomon through the internet to fight off this new enemy. But, with the Virus controlling systems like the American military, all too soon, this digital menace may become all too real. Calling in the help of Yamato and Takeru, they hope that they can stop what's already begun, and maybe save this world a second time.
 Locomon, a train digimon, has suddenly appeared in the real world. All the tamers scramble to stop the train before it reaches its final destination
 A recap of the whole Digimon Savers TV series in one episode, with original commentary by Agumon, Gaomon, and Lalamon, included in the final volume of the DVD releases.




 Fifth Season of Digimon Adventure. Masaru, is a second year Junior High student, and is undefeated in battle, He meets the Digital Monster Agumon, who has escaped from DATS, a secret government organization. Despite terrible first impressions, the two become best friends by talking with their fists. With others, Masaru and Agumon work to investigate various incidents involving the Digital World and Digital Monsters, to try and get to the bottom of things.
 Masaru, a second year Junior High student and undefeated street-fighter, is about to learn the meaning of the word "teamwork." After Agumon escapes DATS, an organization that deals with Digimon, it winds up in a fight with Masaru. Soon Yoshino and Lalamon come to capture Agumon, and the two fighters escape. After an evil Digimon appears, it's up to Masaru and Agumon to defeat it with their DNA Charge.Soon, Masaru must join DATS to put an end to the Digimon coming to Earth. With the help of Yoshino, Ikuto, and Touma, the group must stop any evil Digimon that appear, and return them to the Digital World.But not everything goes as planned...
 The Digimon travel through the digital word and discover a Digimon eating away the Digital World, thus they resolve to save it.
 The human world has been attacked by an unknown force. Using poisoned thorns, it has put all humans to sleep. Agumon, Gaomon and Lalamon are the only ones left to defeat this enemy. Guided by Rhythm, a young girl they saved, they learn that their enemy is called Argomon. But what can the three digimon do, when they can't even evolve.
 A recap of the whole Digimon Savers TV series in one episode, with original commentary by Agumon, Gaomon, and Lalamon, included in the final volume of the DVD releases.
 Third Season of Digimon Adventure. Takato Matsuda, Henry Wong, and Rika Nonaka are children who have, by fate, recieved real Digimon; unlike the imaginary ones in the card game they play. Each of the children, or "Digimon Tamers", have their different views on how Digimon should be treated. But when other Digimon begin to appear around Japan, they must put aside their differences to fend off the digital intruders; even though Yamaki, who is the head of a secret organization called Hypnos is trying to eliminate all of the Digimon himself.
 Takato Matsuda, Ruki Matsuno, and Lee Jenrya are children who have, by fate, recieved real Digimon, unlike the imaginary ones in the card game they play. Each of the children, or "Digimon Tamers", have their different views on how Digimon should be treated. But when other Digimon begin to appear around Japan, they must put aside their differences to fend off the digital intruders; even though Yamaki, who is the head of a secret organization called Hypnos is trying to eliminate all of the Digimon himself.
 The fifth Digimon movie is set in the third season, the Tamers Universe.During summer vacation, Takato is sent to see his cousin in Okinawa. His parents think it'll be good for him to travel and spend some time in the small village, away from the big city.Takato's not exactly thrilled about the trip, but as he stays with his cousin, Kai, they begin to form an understanding. Of course, keeping Guilmon a secret is a chore in itself.Back in Tokyo, a brutal Digimon confronts Ruki and defeats Renamon, before wreaking havok and promising to return.
 Takato and Guilmon go on vacation to Okinawa and meet a fellow tamer, Minami. Back in Japan, a popular computer pet suddenly becomes a virus, infecting all of the computers who have it. As the virus spreads, Takato tries to figure out why digimon are all attacking his new friend, and what her connection is to the virus.
 Locomon, a train digimon, has suddenly appeared in the real world. All the tamers scramble to stop the train before it reaches its final destination
 On Rika's birthday, as the other Tamers plan a surprise party for her, a train Digimon, Locomon, Bio-Emerges into the real world. As the other Tamers battle it, Rika falls under the mind control of the evil Parasimon, who dupes her by recalling her memories of her father.Even Renamon can't make Rika break his control, causing Rika to lash out at her and Takato. Discovering that it was Parasimon who was responsible for opening the gate and bringing Locomon to Earth, Guilmon Digivolves into Gallantmon Crimson Mode and defeats him, restoring Rika. However, swarms of Parasimon begin to emerge from the gateway, but after a long, tough battle, Justimon and Beelzemon are able to defeat them. Free from Parasimon's control, Locomon is returned to the Digital World with the same intention as before, and the Tamers throw Rika her party.
 Everyone in the world uses smartphone apps. But inside them lurks unknown creatures called "Appli Monsters," or "Appmon." The Appmon are AI lifeforms with the ability to think and act, and exist in the boundary between the human world and digital space. In the vast sea of the internet, the "last boss AI" Leviathan takes control of the Appmon with a virus and begins hacking every system, thus starting to control the human world from the world of the net. Haru Shinkai is led to acquire the Appli Drive, and uses it to materialize Gatchmon, a search app monster.
 A virtual world was created by the present-day network called the "Digital World". The "Digital Monster", which is a digital life object, was born, and the host computer "Yggdrasil" managedthe different Digital World areas.However, it developed the "X-Program" of fear to eliminate all Digimon in the old world and develop a new Digital World for only certain Digimon... Now, the greatest crisis ever approaches the Digital World!
 One day, a Digimon Xros Loader appears before Taiki, an exceptionally warmhearted seventh grader, along with Shoutmon's voice, asking for his help. The D Xros Loader is an essential item that is capable of transferring power to Digimon by means of "DigiXros". He was chosen as a "General" to control it. Taiki and his friends are thrown into a parallel universe, the Digital World. Due to the appearance of rival and enemy Digimon, the Digital World has been driven into a state of "Xros Wars", a large-scale war with battles like those of the Sengoku period. Taiki and Shoutmon form a Digimon Army using the D Xros Loader and battle against formidable opponents with "DigiXros".
 Akemi Nakajima, is a high school student with a genius talent for computer programming.One day, Yumiko Shirasagi is transferred to the same class as him. She feels she knows Nakajima from somewhere, but doesn't try to deal with it. After school, Nakajima and a couple of classmates held a ceremony to summon the devil. Nakajima summons the devil Loki on the computer display while presenting a female offering. What will happen to Yumiko, who witnessed the scene?
 A series of short animations that show different worlds and different characters. These episodes are designed to take the viewer into a psychological world of fantasy and mystery.
 The high school boys transferred to an anime world while they are in cramming school. Since then, they start school life in the anime world they transferred in.
 In the not-so-distant future, humans have done the impossible and found a seemingly infinite source of energy. By tapping into the newly discovered fourth plane, Dimension W, they are able to harness that energy using "coils."By 2071, manufacture of coils have come to be monopolized by the New Tesla energy company, which led to the appearance of unofficial, non-Tesla coils manufactured by private companies. Collectors are hired to confiscate these illegal coils for a bounty.Kyouma is one such Collector. He dislikes all coils to the degree where he doesn't even use them in his daily life. On one coil-collecting mission, he bumps into a robot girl powered entirely by coils, and they enter into a hesitant partnership in order to achieve their goals.
 An unaired episode released with the sixth BD volume.
 An unaired episode released with the sixth BD volume.
 Short specials included in the Blu-ray releases of Dimension W.
 Short specials included in the Blu-ray releases of Dimension W.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The story follows the lives of three modern day dinosaurs as they share a room in the Dino-Shou ("Dino Manor") apartment building complex.
 Max, Rex, and Zoe are three friends that are members of a group known as the D-Team. They just want to have fun and build their friendship, but that all changes when they find three fossil shaped items in the forest. Before they know it, the D-Team is thrust into a quest to save prehistoric dinosaurs, trapped as cards, from a mysterious time traveling organization known as The Alpha Gang. Whichever group can gather all the cards first will become the Dinosaur King.
 Max, Rex, and Zoe are barely getting used to being without their dinosaur pals, but when a time traveling gate opens, the three must reunite with their friends to help set the passage of time back correctly.
 It is explained in the story that it has been 1,000,000 years since the Dino Knights had last defeated the Dragozaurs. The Dragozaurs have returned, a boy named Kaito has reawakened them. The battle between the Dino Knights and the Dragozaurs begins once again as the Dino Knights prevent the Dragozaurs from stealing Earth's life force.
 A bit of a butch, gun happy, and the exact opposite of Yuri. Kei keeps her hair short and would not be caught dead in a skirt, preferring pants instead. Fiery, she can be very single-minded and when she sets herself to a task, she will let nothing get in her way. Prone to violence at the drop of a hat, her solution to any problem is to blow it up. She is oil to Yuri's water and firmly convinced that the only partner she needs is her trusty blaster.
 Kei and Yuri were originally junior auxiliary agents in the Worlds Works and Welfare Agency (W.W.W.A. or 3WA for short) when the two were paired together under the codename "Lovely Angels." Kei was coming off her fourth probation for something she had done, and Yuri's dating exploits were common knowledge, not to mention the two had an instant dislike for each other when they met.At first, Kei and Yuri refused to work with each other, and Kei even resigned from the 3WA. Afterwards, the two continued to work together, although they earned their nickname, "the Dirty Pair" because of all the collateral damage the two (unintentionally) cause in the completion of their cases. And even though the two now get along with one another, they continue to bicker and complain to each other.Although it is often said that these are younger versions of the original Lovely Angels Kei and Yuri, in truth this series is an alternate universe telling of Dirty Pair, set in the years 2248-49.
 Always causing more destruction than they prevent, special agents Kei and Yuri face tough challenges while at an amusement park planet. This anime set finds the pair facing off against an android hit woman, transvestite assassins, ghosts and more. In addition, the Lovely Angels get into several wild adventures while tracking down a con man and giving love advice to the computer programmer they're protecting.
 Always causing more destruction than they prevent, special agents Kei and Yuri face tough challenges while at an amusement park planet. This anime set finds the pair facing off against an android hit woman, transvestite assassins, ghosts and more. In addition, the Lovely Angels get into several wild adventures while tracking down a con man and giving love advice to the computer programmer they're protecting.
 Sexy superagents Kei and Yuri find themselves in serious trouble when they attempt to track down Kei's godson and cross paths with a killer ski patrol. This collection of episodes also features the crime fighters fending off seagulls and assassins. There is no time to rest for these two anime characters, who must continually put their lives on the line in order to successfully complete their important missions.
 Sexy superagents Kei and Yuri find themselves in serious trouble when they attempt to track down Kei's godson and cross paths with a killer ski patrol. This collection of episodes also features the crime fighters fending off seagulls and assassins. There is no time to rest for these two anime characters, who must continually put their lives on the line in order to successfully complete their important missions.
 The Dirty Pair are traveling to the planet of Ookbar in search of a missing girl. Kei and Yuri have traced Missinie to the forest of Nolandia, but their investigations have stalled thanks to the less-than-helpful Chief of Security. But the Dirty Pair have never let a little bureaucracy stand in their way.
 The Dirty Pair are traveling to the planet of Ookbar in search of a missing girl. Kei and Yuri have traced Missinie to the forest of Nolandia, but their investigations have stalled thanks to the less-than-helpful Chief of Security. But the Dirty Pair have never let a little bureaucracy stand in their way.
 Set in the future Kei and Yuri are Trouble Consultants for The 3WA. Code Named "Lovely Angels", but, they are known throughout the galaxy as The Dirty Pair. They always solve their case, but, not without causing collateral damage and mayhem.
 Set in the future Kei and Yuri are Trouble Consultants for The 3WA. Code Named "Lovely Angels", but, they are known throughout the galaxy as The Dirty Pair. They always solve their case, but, not without causing collateral damage and mayhem.
 It's Chief Gooley's worst nightmare come true. The Lovely Angels are back on the job, but this time the 3WA's Central Computer has assigned them two cases at the same time
 It's Chief Gooley's worst nightmare come true. The Lovely Angels are back on the job, but this time the 3WA's Central Computer has assigned them two cases at the same time
 Agerna is a planet rich in Vizorium, the one mineral necessary to space travel. So when a series of mysterious attacks on mining operations has the governments of the world pointing fingers and blaming each other, the World Welfare & Works Association naturally sends in their top agents to investigate. But are the lovely angels up to the task of stopping a mad scientist bent on taking a long dormant alien race to its final evolutionary form? Throw in a thief who's hunting a bottle of World War II-vintage wine and it's a safe bet that nobody on the planet is safe. It's more chaos, more mayhem and even more destruction than ever before as the Dirty Pair take on their wildest case yet!
 Agerna is a planet rich in Vizorium, the one mineral necessary to space travel. So when a series of mysterious attacks on mining operations has the governments of the world pointing fingers and blaming each other, the World Welfare & Works Association naturally sends in their top agents to investigate. But are the lovely angels up to the task of stopping a mad scientist bent on taking a long dormant alien race to its final evolutionary form? Throw in a thief who's hunting a bottle of World War II-vintage wine and it's a safe bet that nobody on the planet is safe. It's more chaos, more mayhem and even more destruction than ever before as the Dirty Pair take on their wildest case yet!
 From the darkest realms of another dimension emerges the story of Laharl, the son of a demon overlord, and his two sidekicks
 An anime adaption of the game with the same name.
 The series revolves around the Mizuki Diving Club (MDC), which is on the verge of closing down after having financial troubles. The club's new coach persuades the club's parent company to stay open on one condition
 In the 24th Century, Intergalactic Space Travel has become a reality. One of the first outposts in the far reaches of space is WATCHER'S NEST - an inflation hole drive portal - which has recently come under attack by a mysterious force known simply as GHOUL... A group of young female cadets assigned to the portal are unexpectedly thrown into a hornet's nest of trouble as they finalize their training to become an elite pilot in the Seraphim Squadron.
 Through the long distance warp called the "Exodus Project", Worns, Ryer and theother crew members of "Watchers Nest" manage to escape from the Earth. Misaki, whowas attending the final battle with "Ghoul" at that time, isn't present there andbefore her eyes, the earth changes and gets enclosed by a time barrier.Ryer and the others search for a way to escape from this space time maze, but theearth changes to various forms. Innumerable "Nows" appear due to varying time axes.And also Misaki, who should have disappeared because of the Exodus Project incident,still afortiori. Before Ryer and the others, different forms of Misaki appear. TheMisaki from training school, the Misaki from her childhood days.Are these reflections caused by the conflicts that exist inside Misaki?She awakens a second time and when she derives the response, that history is leadinginto a completely differnet direction now.Will Misaki, Ryer and the others be able to find a real happy end?!
 Through the long distance warp called the Exodus Project, Worns, Ryer and the other crew members of Watchers Nest manage to escape from the Earth. Misaki, who was attending the final battle with Ghoul at that time, isn't present there and before her eyes, the earth changes and gets enclosed by a time barrier.Ryer and the others search for a way to escape from this space time maze, but the earth changes to various forms. Innumerable Nows appear due to varying time axes.And also Misaki, who should have disappeared because of the Exodus Project incident, still afortiori. Before Ryer and the others, different forms of Misaki appear. The Misaki from training school, the Misaki from her childhood days.Are these reflections caused by the conflicts that exist inside Misaki?She awakens a second time and when she derives the response, that history is leading into a completely differnet direction now.Will Misaki, Ryer and the others be able to find a real happy end?!
 When the Divine Gate opened, the living world, the heavens, and the underworld became connected, ushering an era of chaos where desires and conflict intersect. To restore order, the World Council is formed. As peace is restored, the Divine Gate becomes an urban legend.In that world, boys and girls deemed fit by the World Council are gathered. They are ones who aim to reach the gate for their personal objectives. Those who reach the gate can remake the world.What lies beyond the gate? When they reach the door, will the world change? Will it be the past that changes, or will it be the future?
 When the Divine Gate opened, the living world, the heavens, and the underworld became connected, ushering an era of chaos where desires and conflict intersect. To restore order, the World Council is formed. As peace is restored, the Divine Gate becomes an urban legend.In that world, boys and girls deemed fit by the World Council are gathered. They are ones who aim to reach the gate for their personal objectives. Those who reach the gate can remake the world.What lies beyond the gate? When they reach the door, will the world change? Will it be the past that changes, or will it be the future?
 Sequel to Arad
 Karin, a DNA operator from the future, is on a mission to change the course of History by stopping Junta Momonari from becoming the Mega-Playboy who fathered 100 children and led to the overpopulation of the world. But Junta is no playboy; in fact he is allergic to girls. But when Karin shoots him with the wrong DNA-altering bullet, he starts sporadically becoming the Mega-Playboy capable of charming any woman. Karin must try to restore the situation to normal before the change to Mega-Playboy becomes irreversible.
 Junta's great granddaughter goes back in time in order to make Junta stay as the Mega-Playboy so she can continue to exist. Along with her comes an old man with the intention of making Junta stay as the Mega-Playboy forever for his own purposes.When Junta starts getting attacked, he has no choice but to return to being the Mega-Playboy in order to protect his loved ones.
 Junta's great granddaughter goes back in time in order to make Junta stay as the Mega-Playboy so she can continue to exist. Along with her comes an old man with the intention of making Junta stay as the Mega-Playboy forever for his own purposes.When Junta starts getting attacked, he has no choice but to return to being the Mega-Playboy in order to protect his loved ones.
 Do It Yourself!! follows high school girls working on DIY projects, as they struggle, fail, yet don't give up and see the projects through to their end. The story depicts the lives of those girls as they take the first step toward the future.
 Kyougoku Daijirou is the 15th generation owner of the Kyoto sweets shop Amashoudou. One day, Daijirou discovers a giant robot named Doamaiger D in his store's basement. At the same time, enemies called "Mekaijuu" appear in Kyoto and begin wreaking havoc.
 A crippled and embittered doctor travels to a hidden community in Tibet where he learns of his true destiny as the Sorcerer Supreme of his world.
 In the planet Deloyer, a colony of the Earth federation, Colonel Von Stein stages a coup d'etat on behalf of the Federation chairman Donan Cashim.
 Retired adventurer Kerubim Crepin wails away in his magical shop located in the small town of Astrub. Every item for sale within the bazaar has its own story which Kerubim is eager to share with his adopted son Joris, dear friends or any potential customers.
 Three months after returning home, hero Cinque is summoned to Flonyard once again. This time, he is accompanied by his cousin Nanami, and childhood friend Rebecca.
 The third season of Dog Days.
 Special episode delivered to customers who pre-order all six Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Dog Days''.
 A dog trainer's job is to bring dogs and people together. Miyu Samura, an indecisive young man, meets Shinichiro Niwa, a miracle-working dog trainer, while walking the dog forced on him by his ex-girlfriend. The chance encounter will greatly change Miyu's life! Thus begins the story about the growth of a new dog trainer!
 When an American scientist carrying a cure for the AIDS virus is kidnapped by an arms merchant, John Kyosuke is forced back from retirement. He accepts the challenge to regain possession of the anti-serum. He finds out that some of the people he is after are closely related, which gives his conquest a whole new meaning.
 When an American scientist carrying a cure for the AIDS virus is kidnapped by an arms merchant, John Kyosuke is forced back from retirement. He accepts the challenge to regain possession of the anti-serum. He finds out that some of the people he is after are closely related, which gives his conquest a whole new meaning.
 It is sometime in the future, where a certain European city extends far underground, even secret, dark levels that have the key to the past. Ex-assassin Mihai has returned and is living with Kiri, who now runs a resturaunt. Sword-wielding Naoto, Haine (white hair), a mysterious product of genetic engineering and his sometime partner Badou (eyepatch). (Source
 * Based on a 4-koma comedy manga by the well-known doujin mangaka Hiroyuki, serialised in Manga Time Kirara.The protagonist, Osana Najimi, sets foot in the world of Dojin-shi (self-published manga) when she is invited by her classmate, Tsuyuri. At first, she experiences culture shock, but is also influenced by Tsuyuri and Justice, a very popular dojin author and her childhood friend. She then announces that she intends to make a killing in the dojin market. Although Najimi is not good at drawing, she is determined. On her long road to success, both fans and rivals appear.Source
 Mini anime for Ore dake Haireru Kakushi Dungeon released weekly on the official YouTube channel.
 The Trump Kingdom is a magical world where everyone's hearts live happily with the guidance of their ruler Princess Marie Ange. However one day, a evil force known as the Jikochuu attacked the Kingdom. But a warrior who served Marie Ange, known as Cure Sword, fended the Jikochuu by herself before being sent the human world with her fairy partner to find the missing princess. The Cure Sword also brought with her three other fairies who are to find three chosen girls to be her allies. One of the fairies, Charles, finds a girl named Mana Aida who is her school's student council president. Whilst visiting the Clover Tower's observatory during her school's orientation day, Mana encounters a Jikochuu who attempts to manipulate her heart but being found by Charles as he gives her the power to become Cure Heart. Joined by Cure Diamond, Cure Rosetta and Cure Sword, the Dokidoki PreCure must fight to protect everyone's hearts from the Jikochuu.
 Mana is given a wedding dress which was worn by her mother and grandmother. All of sudden a mysterious man named Matthew appears and takes her to the past world. Mana is so glad to meet her grandmother and her beloved dog Maro that she had a long time ago, but she can't find two of her best friends Rikka and Alice. It looks her precious memories have been changed somehow. If things continue as is, the future will be ruined, too. The Precure girls have to fight to protect their memories and future!!
 Join the new legend of Guruguru, where Nike, the reluctant hero, and Kukuri, the innocent heroine, return to save the world. The magical adventure that unfolds, with its unique monsters and eccentric characters, is sure to draw you into this curious and exciting realm.To save the world from evil King Giri, Kukuri must locate the monsters in each territory and win them, one by one, over to her side. Meanwhile Nike's task is to be recognized by the Four Kings of Nature and collect their swords. These swords are known as the "Sword of Wind," the "Sword of Water," the "Sword of Earth" and the "Sword of Fire."Can Nike and Kukuri truly become hero and heroine? Follow their journey and find out!
 A 1986 Korean film about ancient demons and a brave boy.
 The Galaxy Federation Police (GFP) desperately wants to cover-up its personnel shortage with new mechanized power-suits. Suzuo, 19-years old, desperately needs a job. Tampopo needs an earthling to fit the prototype of her company's suit and declares Suzuo the perfect candidate! Strong competitors and the wacky A-class criminals fight against our hero in diapers, but they must not recognize each other out of costume or the test results will be a failure- but it's OK if they all live in the same apartment building to save money, right?
 When Hiroshi was fighting against his rival Gorillaimo, he stumbled over a stone and fell on to a frog. To be surprised, the frog was still alive and it named itself Pyonkichi.
 In a world on the verge of a great disaster that began five years ago, heroes who, with the help of a device called HxEros, use the power of Ecchi (H) and erotic power (Ero) to save the planet from libido-devouring monsters!Enjou Retto and Hoshino Kirara are childhood friends who have drifted apart from each other. One day, they're caught in a battle against a "Censor Bug" that feeds on human's sexual energy to evolve. After successfully taking down the enemy, they join a group of heroes like them, using the erotic power of the HxEROS force to fight off monsters.
 In a world on the verge of a great disaster that began five years ago, heroes who, with the help of a device called HxEros, use the power of Ecchi (H) and erotic power (Ero) to save the planet from libido-devouring monsters!Enjou Retto and Hoshino Kirara are childhood friends who have drifted apart from each other. One day, they're caught in a battle against a "Censor Bug" that feeds on human's sexual energy to evolve. After successfully taking down the enemy, they join a group of heroes like them, using the erotic power of the HxEROS force to fight off monsters.
 In a world on the verge of a great disaster that began five years ago, heroes who, with the help of a device called HxEros, use the power of Ecchi (H) and erotic power (Ero) to save the planet from libido-devouring monsters!Enjou Retto and Hoshino Kirara are childhood friends who have drifted apart from each other. One day, they're caught in a battle against a "Censor Bug" that feeds on human's sexual energy to evolve. After successfully taking down the enemy, they join a group of heroes like them, using the erotic power of the HxEROS force to fight off monsters.
 The first original video episode will follow three of the main heroines in an original story.
 2020
 After the third world war, nations devastated by biological warfare no longer have the ability to protect the wastelands, so the defense of these territories is left to private military companies like Griffin & Kryuger, whose android soldiers or "tactical dolls" are tasked with fighting the rogue android army of Sangvis Ferri. Now M4A1, the indecisive but potentially capable leader of the elite "Anti-Rain" team must protect her comrades in a series of operations to try and regain the upper hand against Sangvis Ferri.
 On the trail of a missing husband, private investigator Goro crosses paths with a deranged killer.
 In their teenage years, few things can hurt people more than the heartaches that come with unrequited love. Such is the case for Natsuo Fujii, who has found himself entranced by his school's ever-cheerful teacher Hina. Deflated by this unreachable desire, Natsuo humors his friends and attends a mixer. There he meets Rui, a girl whose lack of excitement rivals that of himself. After bonding over their mutual awkwardness, Rui takes Natsuo to her house and asks him to have sex with her, hoping that the experience will stop her friends from treating her like a clueless child. With his hopeless feelings towards Hina still on his mind, Natsuo hesitantly agrees.Equally unfulfilled by their "first times," the two decide to part ways as strangers. However, before he even has a chance to process this experience, Natsuo's father drops a major bombshell
 Leona Ozaki joins Newport City's infamous Tank Police division. With aid of Al and her newly built mini-tank, Bonaparte, she wages war on Buaku and his cohorts, the Puma Sisters.
 Leona Ozaki joins Newport City's infamous Tank Police division. With aid of Al and her newly built mini-tank, Bonaparte, she wages war on Buaku and his cohorts, the Puma Sisters.
 Leona Ozaki joins Newport City's infamous Tank Police division. With aid of Al and her newly built mini-tank, Bonaparte, she wages war on Buaku and his cohorts, the Puma Sisters.
 What? Kissed by a Straght-A boy on the first day of transfer ? ! A magic ability of me make me enter the aristocratic school as a special student. My purpose is to find the enemies who framed the family, but the style is a bit wrong? The violin prince? Drama Boys? Don't dwell on me! I won't take care of you!
 Dongguo Xiaojie, a young girl, has lived together with her mother ever since she was little. On the year she turned sixteen, her mother suddenly contracted a "Grave Illness". To save her mother, Dongguo Xiaojie set foot into the unknown on a dangerous journey. Accompanying her on this journey is her sworn elder brother Mo Zixuan and the mysterious youth, Life's Hardship. However, danger arises again and again as they are continuously attacked by people they meet on their journey. Just what conspiracy is hidden behind this journey?
 In the 11th year of the Meiji era
 One year has passed after the great battle against the "Orochi" (gigantic snake). Tenka had been paralyzed from the final battle and he took part of the government's human experiment before the battle. Tenka withdrew himself from society, but his younger brothers, Soramaru and Chuutaro, find out the secret past about their older brother.
 One year has passed after the great battle against the "Orochi" (gigantic snake). Tenka had been paralyzed from the final battle and he took part of the government's human experiment before the battle. Tenka withdrew himself from society, but his younger brothers, Soramaru and Chuutaro, find out the secret past about their older brother.
 The three brothers discover that the human experiment banned after destroying the "Orochi", is still going on to secretly revive the evil snake. They also find out that some ex-members of the Yamainu (the Japanese military unit formed to kill the snake) are behind this conspiracy. The brothers fight together again in a battle against the military.
 The three brothers discover that the human experiment banned after destroying the "Orochi", is still going on to secretly revive the evil snake. They also find out that some ex-members of the Yamainu (the Japanese military unit formed to kill the snake) are behind this conspiracy. The brothers fight together again in a battle against the military.
 Fuuma ninja clan is a secret ninja tribe that is waiting for the "Orochi" (gigantic snake) to resurrect for generations. Shirasu and his twin brother Ichiu grew up in this viscous environment and this tells how they become the leaders of the clan.
 Fuuma ninja clan is a secret ninja tribe that is waiting for the "Orochi" (gigantic snake) to resurrect for generations. Shirasu and his twin brother Ichiu grew up in this viscous environment and this tells how they become the leaders of the clan.
 The anime shorts, each roughly two minutes long, started running before feature films in Tokyo's Shinjuku Wald 9 and other theaters in the T-Joy chain.Source
 When an evil sorcerer bent on crushing the "greatest city on earth" uses dark powers to awaken the destructive spirit of Tokyo's historic "guardian", Taira no Masakado, occultists, children and scientists become embroiled in a ruinous struggle spanning two decades.
 The end of the world is coming, terror covers the whole world, and the earth becomes a hunting ground for zombies and mutants. Zhao Tianlei accidentally obtained a mysterious super system. Although he is not a saint, but seeing the tragic situation in the world and the death of his classmates, how can he stand by and look at how Zhao Tianlei, who has a super upgrade and exchange system, leads humans Fight against corpses, restore human civilization?
 Celebrating the anniversary of the franchise, a new Doraemon series began airing on TV Asahi on April 15, 2005 with new voice actors and staff, and updated character designs. On May 12, 2014, TV Asahi Corporation announced an agreement with The Walt Disney Company to bring the 2005 series to the Disney XD television channel in the United States beginning in the summer of that year.[12] The network plans to air 26 episodes. Besides using the name changes that were used in AltJapan's English adaptation of the original manga, other changes and edits have also been made to make the show more relatable to an American audience, such as Japanese text being replaced with English text on certain objects like signs and graded papers, and items such as yen notes being replaced by US dollar bills. Confirmed cast members of the new American adaptation include veteran anime voice actress Mona Marshall in the title role of Doraemon and Johnny Yong Bosch as Noby. The English dub will be distributed by Viz Media.
 Second season of the English dubbed anime Doraemon (2005)

 Having dreamed of being in a world of magic, Nobita and Doraemon used the what-if-telephone-booth gadget to turn the world into one that is based on magic instead of science. Little did they know that demons exist and threaten this magical world.
 Nobita requests of Doraemon the Moshimo-box and wishes for the world to become a place where the use of magic is possible. Witchcraft replaces science and technology and everyone makes use of it on their daily lives, except for Nobita, who, like usual, isn't very good at conjuring spells. Frustrated, he plans on returning things to their past state, but his mother threw the Moshimo-box away.One day, Doraemon and his friends meet Professor Mangetsu, who studies magic and magical beings such as goblins, and his daughter Miyoko, and are warned of the dangerous approximation of the "star of the Underworld" to the Earth's orbit.With the future of the planet at stake, the group must travel to the Underworld and pierce the heart of the Underworld King with a silver dart, as detailed in the ancient texts of "The Chronicles of the Underworld". Their attempts are, however, thwarted and Miyoko captured.Doraemon and his friends then decided to use the Time Machine to return to the past and, using Dorami's Moshimo-box, they manage to restore the Earth. The events on the Underworld continue, however, to take place in a Parallel Universe, where Miyoko is still captive. As a result, the group is once again forced to travel to the Underworld and defeat its tyrannical ruler once and for all.
 On a normal afternoon, Doraemon's bell was stolen by Kaito Deluxe, a thief from the 22nd Century. Determined to get it back, Nobita and co. decides to pursue him and take back the bell that is hidden inside the 22nd Century's Secret Gadget Museum.
 Doraemon 35th movie.
 Doraemon and friends run away from their home and travel back in time to the 70,000 years ago where nobody existed to build their ideal private paradise. After they fully relished the freedom in the era, Doraemon and friends bid farewell to their paradise and come back to the present day. However, a few days after they came back home, Doraemon and friends bump into a caveman called "Kukul" in the current era. They find out that the caveman Kukul was accidentally transported forward to the present, and that his tribe called Hikari tribe was attacked and abducted by Giga Zombie and Kurayami tribe after Doraemon and friends left the primitive age.Doraemon and friends decide to go back to the primitive age to save Hikari tribe from the villain.They dive into a grand adventure during their first and the furthest runaway.
 Doraemon
 Nobita no Getsumen Tansaki is an original story centered around the Isetsu Club Member Badge gadget featured in volume 23 of the original Doraemon manga. It is the first Doraemon film to feature a solo female screenwriter.

 This work is a remake of Doraemon Movie 06

 Summary
 Doraemon and friends travels into another world via the time machine; where humans and robots are living together. However they soon find out that the Empress of Robot Kingdom was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless. As the situation goes tense, our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan
 Nobita wants to run away from home, again. He finds out that there is nowhere for him to go. All the land is owned by someone. His friends end up wanting to run away also, even Doraemon. They figure out that the only way to find land that isn't owned by anyone is to go back in time to when no humans existed. They end up helping a prehistoric boy rescue his tribe from Gigazombie.
 One day Nobita found a small sapling behind the hill but his mom won't allow him to plant it in the backyard. Using Doraemon's special tool, they made the tree alive so it could move around freely. Nobita name it Ki-bou and the two became like brothers. From there, a new adventure awaits...
 Giant robot parts fell from the sky, so Nobita and Doraemon took it into the mirror world to build it and called it the Zandacross. It seems that Zandacross is a dangerous weapon so they kept it a secret. A mysterious girl named Lilulu appeared and asked for Zandacross for the invasion but she doesn't agree to invade the Earth. Doraemon and the others join forces to stop the invasion of the robot army but it seems that Lilulu is the only one that can stop it.

 One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko's real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village's former leader.
 Nobita went to a world of animals through the Wherever Gas, the substance to let you travel anywhere, same as the Wherever Door Doraemon uses. They came across with Chippo, a boy who looks like a dog and very adventurous. A group called Numiges plans on taking over the animal planet. Doraemon and friends plan to stop them with the animal's help.
 Nobita finds a fossilized dinosaur egg by accident, and with the help of Doraemon's tools, they hatched the egg and began raising the dinosaur. Knowing that they can't keep the dinosaur forever, Nobita was forced to send it back to prehistoric times where a group of hunters from the future threatens to endanger the dinosaurs. Determined to save the dinosaurs from the claws of the hunters, Doraemon and the gang returns to the past and sets out in a prehistoric adventure.
 Finding a treasure is always been so hard! But, nothing is ever impossible for Doraemon and his magic tool. And so, with the help of Doraemon, Nobita and the rest of the gang set sail on a ship to find treasure on an islands. However on their way to the island, the ships have almost been destroyed and resulting Nobita to stray on an island with a young pirate while Doraemon and the rest of the gang somehow involved in a war between pirates.And so, their adventure begins...
 While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita waks up and Doraemon hears somebody steals food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see the Koya Koya Planet. they meet a boy named Roppuru...
 What if you could enslave anyone you ever wanted? Well, this comes close. The SCM lets you enslave anyone who is also wearing an SCM, at a price. One must win over the other, at the cost of anything, in order for the other to become their slave.
 What if you could enslave anyone you ever wanted? Well, this comes close. The SCM lets you enslave anyone who is also wearing an SCM, at a price. One must win over the other, at the cost of anything, in order for the other to become their slave.
 OVA included with the special edition of volume two of the Blu-ray release.
 OVA included with the special edition of volume two of the Blu-ray release.
 Monsters are coming to the human world from the Hell in order to get human spirits. As people's minds are getting dirty, being attracted by the dirty spirits, the monsters break the rule to go to the human world.Tsutomu, a boy who goes to Yokai Elementary School, is suddenly assaulted by monsters. Those who save him from the monsters are Enma-kun, the son of Enma, Yukiko, a snow woman, and Kapaeru. They are members of Monster Patrol that are sent to the human world to arrest monsters.
 The story is set in Tokyo in the 1970s. Evil spirits are threatening the human world and the only ones who can stop them is a group known as the "Spirit Patrol", a group sent from the underworld that consists of the hot-headed Enma, the stuck-up Yukiko, the half-water sprite Kapael and Chapeau-jii - the old man spirit in the form of a hat, who guides the group.
 High school boy Tsubasa moves to Kitami City up in Hokkaido where he meets a "gal" at a bus stop. The sight of her standing alone against the white snowscape, bare-legged despite the freezing cold, captures his heart.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.


 A conflicted yet courageous Dragon Knight must use the power of the dragon within to stop a deadly demon in this epic fantasy based on the online game.
 A conflicted yet courageous Dragon Knight must use the power of the dragon within to stop a deadly demon in this epic fantasy based on the online game.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 At the end of the 21st century, the discovery of a new energy source called "DG energy" (short for "divine grace energy") has revolutionized Earth's economy and allowed humanity to colonize space. However, when the initial expedition reaches Pluto, they are attacked by a mysterious, giant life-form known as "Nergal."The Earth Alliance Army fights back by creating an "AG Unit" using ancient robot weapons known as the "G's Frame" which were excavated from archaeological sites all around the world. Girls with special qualities known as "Ancient Girls" can pilot these robots against the Nergal. However, the first AG Unit suffers heavy casualties in the Jupiter Trojan campaign, and the pilot of Unit 04, Minamiya Reiu, goes missing-in-action...Years later, Minamiya Reika, the younger sister of Reiu, enlists with the AG Unit to search for her sister and to protect the Earth from the Nergal. A story of friendship, ancient robot weapons, and battles to the death with the Nergal ensues.
 Double Circle is the original web anime by Toshiba which has the theme of the smart community in Kawasaki. It is the story of the people who live in Kawasaki, and which incorporated the idea of energy, environment, and activation of the regional economy using ICT.
 The city state of Lisvalletta. Two suns rise above this city, and the people here live peaceful lives, but in the shadows crime and illegal drugs run rampant. Among them is the dangerous, highly lethal drug "Anthem" which casts a dark shadow over the city. The SEVEN-O Special Crime Investigation Unit specializes in cracking down on Anthem. This unit operates in two man "buddy" teams in what's called the "Double Decker System" to tackle the problem. Doug Billingham is a seasoned investigator, and joining him is Kirill Vrubel, whose abilities are mysterious and unknown.
 The city state of Lisvalletta. Two suns rise above this city, and the people here live peaceful lives, but in the shadows crime and illegal drugs run rampant. Among them is the dangerous, highly lethal drug "Anthem" which casts a dark shadow over the city. The SEVEN-O Special Crime Investigation Unit specializes in cracking down on Anthem. This unit operates in two man "buddy" teams in what's called the "Double Decker System" to tackle the problem. Doug Billingham is a seasoned investigator, and joining him is Kirill Vrubel, whose abilities are mysterious and unknown.(Source
 During the final episode pre-screening event on Friday, it was announced that Double Decker! Doug & Kirill TV anime will get three extra episodes. Titled Double Decker! Doug & Kirill
 During the final episode pre-screening event on Friday, it was announced that Double Decker! Doug & Kirill TV anime will get three extra episodes. Titled Double Decker! Doug & Kirill
 Unbeatable Fist-Fighter Daiki Hayami and Professional Knuckler Jin Takayama ram into the incredible fight against Shibaura's craziest bike gang Midnight King and its head Shinjo Brothers!!
 2013
 In a school where after school activities are mandatory among all students, Hajime and her friend Sayo come across a new club that they have never seen before. The club is called The Cultural Activity Preservation Club. The two enter the room to find all kinds of analog jobs and activities, such as handcrafting mats and toothpicks. This is a unique cultural manga mixed with comedy so as not to bore you, this is Double J!

 Jim is working as an innkeeper, together with his friend, the mouse Gran. One day, a mysterious man visits the inn, leaving a map behind. The map shows an island with a treasure. So the duo sets off in their own little boat, trying to fulfil their dreams and leaving the inn far behind. But it seems more people knows of the map, as they cross paths with Captain Silver and his band of wild pirates. Jim, Gran and their new friend Kathy tries to beat them in the treasure hunt that ensues.
 The protagonist, Osana Najimi, sets foot in the world of Dojin-shi (self-published manga) when she is invited by her classmate, Tsuyuri. At first, she experiences culture shock, but is also influenced by Tsuyuri and Justice, a very popular dojin author and her childhood friend. She then announces that she intends to make a killing in the dojin market. Although Najimi is not good at drawing, she is determined. On her long road to success, both fans and rivals appear.
 Novelist Subaru Mikazuki, who is shy and not good with other people, and Haru, the cat that has been living a severe stray life. This is a story of them suddenly living together and describes the happiness of living together from both point of views.
 Novelist Subaru Mikazuki, who is shy and not good with other people, and Haru, the cat that has been living a severe stray life. This is a story of them suddenly living together and describes the happiness of living together from both point of views.
 Rihito Sajou is an honor student who got perfect scores in every subject on his high school entrance exam. Hikaru Kusakabe plays guitar in his band that performs at live events and is popular among the girls. These boys would have never crossed paths. But one day Hikaru offers to help Rihito prepare for their upcoming chorus festival and the two begin to talk. As the two meet after school, they feel one another's sound, listen to each other's voice, and begin to harmonize as their hearts beat together.It starts out slow but soon their feelings for one another grow and in just one moment they both realize that it is love. Hikaru's emotions are frivolous, pure, and direct causing Rihito to hesitate at first, but he gradually opens his heart. The boys are learning about each other as they also learn about themselves and support one another during this difficult time typical to youth. As the time to start thinking about their futures approaches, what do these young men find as they try to move forward...
 Based on the game by ELF.
 Tang San spent his life in the Tang Outer Sect, dedicated to the creation and mastery of hidden weapons. Once he stole the secret lore of the Inner Sect to reach the pinnacle of his art, his only way out was death. But after throwing himself off the deadly Hell’s Peak he was reborn in a different world, the world of Douluo Dalu, a world where every person has a spirit of their own, and those with powerful spirits can practice their spirit power to rise and become Spirit Masters.The spirit that awakens within Tang San is Blue Silver Grass, a useless spirit. Can he overcome the difficulties to reach the high ranks of Spirit Masters and bring the glory of the Tang Sect into this new world?
 Season 2 of Douluo Dalu.
 A collection of short stories that take a refreshing and humorous look at the sexual relationships between young people in Japan.
 In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything. His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?
 The second season of Doupo Cangqiong.
 The tale of Ice Emperor and his journey as a mercenary. The story tells a story of twin Queen Medusas and their intervention with the Ice Emperor.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The third season of Doupo Cangqiong.
 Fourth season of Doupo Cangqiong.
 In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything. His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?
 Fifth season of Doupo Cangqiong.

 Remake of the first season of Doupo Cangqiong.
 Kanzaki Meirin, a junior high school student, posseses fusui power which can drive away evil spirits away whenever they appeared. She is in fact, the fortune teller Dr. Rin. She is in love with her best friend, soccer club member, Yuuki Asuka. However, Yuuki does not like fortune-telling and superstitious things.
 In Penguin Village, humans live alongside talking animals and objects. Senbei Norimaki is one of these humans, and he's an inventor with the lofty dream of creating the world's best robot girl.The product of his efforts is Arale, but depending on your definition of perfect, she's anything but! Not only is Arale severely nearsighted, but she also has no common sense! At least she has super-strength, though that often proves to be a setback as well.Although she means well, Arale only causes trouble for her neighbors in the whimsical Penguin Village!
 rofessor Senbei finds a videotape of his deceased father providing instructions on how to create a love potion. The main ingredient is a tear of the evil Gyaasuka Daimao who lives at the Wonder Island. To retrieve it, Senbei takes Arale and Gatchan on a wacky adventure.
 When local teacher Midori Yamabuki receives an emergency summons to her home planet it turns out to be a trap devised by galactic warlord Dr. Mashirito, and it's up to Dr. Senbei Norimaki and a group of students (including his robot daughter Arale) to venture into space to save her.
 Arale and company arrive at a nice location for a picnic. They soon discover a beautiful stone with strange powers. Before they know it, a dangerous pirate and his mysterious ship invades their peace and steals the stone. Now it is up to them to retrieve the stone before it is used by evil hands.
 Dr. Slump creates a little android girl, Arale, who is very stong, happy, and totally common senseless. They live in Penguin Village where the strangest things happen (e.g., the dawn is announced by a little pig wearing a basquee).
 Third season of Dr. Stone.
 Third season of Dr. Stone.
 A television special that is set after the second season and will center around Ryuusui Nanami.
 The original episode will serve as a bridge between the second and third season.
 Second season of Dr. Stone.
 A recap episode with additional scenes which was screened on Jump's official YouTube channel for Jump Special Anime Festa 2020.
 Second season of Dr. Stone.
 In a time of darkness and barbarism, the Chantry has arisen - a religious order seeking to bring stability to a world corrupted by sinister magic. Led by the Divine, the Chantry's Templar warriors ruthlessly restrain the Mages and their magical cabals. But when the Templars fail, the most elite order of the Chantry takes charge - the Seekers!
 Bulma is a girl in search of the mystical dragonballs that when brought together grant any wish. In her search she bumps into the owner of one of these balls, a strange boy named Goku. The two then set off together, Bulma in search of the dragonballs and Goku on a quest to become stronger.
 Bulma is a girl in search of the mystical dragonballs that when brought together grant any wish. In her search she bumps into the owner of one of these balls, a strange boy named Goku. The two then set off together, Bulma in search of the dragonballs and Goku on a quest to become stronger.
 After departing the World Martial Arts Tournament, Goku and Uub are nearly finished with their intense training session at the Lookout. In fact, Dende considers it a miracle that the Lookout is still in one piece! But all is not well. Emperor Pilaf has managed to summon Shenron! With the planet's future hanging by a single wish from Pilaf's mouth, Goku braces for the worst. What does Pilaf desire? And more importantly, what does he get?! See where the final chapter of Goku's incredible story begins!
 Bulma is a girl in search of the mystical dragonballs that when brought together grant any wish. In her search she bumps into the owner of one of these balls, a strange boy named Goku. The two then set off together, Bulma in search of the dragonballs and Goku on a quest to become stronger.
 Years after the end of the Dragonball GT, the story continues in this special with Son Goku's now eldery granddaughter Pan, and a new generation of super saiyajins, the great-great-grandsons of Goku and Vegeta100 years after the end of DBGT, all the heroes of Earth have died...except for Pan, the granddaughter of Son Goku. Pan has a grandchild named Goku Jr. However, he does not have the bravery of his great-great-grandfather. Pan suffurs a heart attack, and Goku Jr. believes that he might be able to save her with the power of the 4 star Dragon Ball. Along with the school bully, he tries to find the ball...and unleashes his hidden bravery and power.
 Years after the end of the Dragonball GT, the story continues in this special with Son Goku's now eldery granddaughter Pan, and a new generation of super saiyajins, the great-great-grandsons of Goku and Vegeta100 years after the end of DBGT, all the heroes of Earth have died...except for Pan, the granddaughter of Son Goku. Pan has a grandchild named Goku Jr. However, he does not have the bravery of his great-great-grandfather. Pan suffurs a heart attack, and Goku Jr. believes that he might be able to save her with the power of the 4 star Dragon Ball. Along with the school bully, he tries to find the ball...and unleashes his hidden bravery and power.
 In May 2018, a promotional anime for Dragon Ball Heroes was announced. It will adapt from the Universe Survival and Prison Planet arcs.Dragon Ball Heroes is a Japanese trading arcade card game based on the Dragon Ball franchise.
 The DBZ TV series is receiving an extensive "refresh" for Japanese television airing on the 20th anniversary of DBZ. While based on the original animation production, it is being updated with new technology, including cropping the frames for formatting on an HD 16
 Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
 A remastered version of Dragon Ball Z that adheres more to the manga's story. This version includes newly recorded dialog by the original voice actors, new sound effects, new OP/ED sequences, and a brand new HD video transfer.
 Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.
 A retelling of Dragon Ball's origins, this is a different version of the meeting of Goku, Bulma, Oolong, and Yamucha. They are all looking for the dragon balls for different reasons when they cross paths with an evil king named Gourmeth, who is also looking for the dragon balls.
 A retelling of Dragon Ball's origins, this is a different version of the meeting of Goku, Bulma, Oolong, and Yamucha. They are all looking for the dragon balls for different reasons when they cross paths with an evil king named Gourmeth, who is also looking for the dragon balls.
 Goku and Kuririn are given an assignment by Kame-Sen'nin
 Goku and Kuririn are given an assignment by Kame-Sen'nin
 When an adventure thirsty girl named Bulma runs across - and nearly runs over - a bizarre young boy named Goku, they find themselves thrust into an adventure that will last a lifetime!Together they set out to recover the mystical Dragon Balls, artifacts of incredible power! Legend says that whomever collects all seven Dragon Balls can call forth the awesome Eternal Dragon, a powerful creature that will grant whatever wish their heart desires!
 Emperor Chiaotzu's wife has gone missing, and he is told by Master Shen that if he collects the seven dragon balls he can call upon the eternal dragon and wish for her return. Meanwhile, Goku and Krillin attend the World Martial Arts Tournament, which is hosted by the Emperor; Bora and his son Upa attempt to hide the dragon ball they found from the emperor's forces, which are under the control of the evil Shen and General Tao; and Bulma conducts her own search for the dragon balls with the help of Yamcha, Puar, and Oolong.
 This is the famous 10th Anniversary movie that was released in 1996. Done in GT-style animation, the movie re-told Goku's meeting with his original friends (Bulma, Oolong, Yamcha, Kame-Sen'nin, etc.) and his battle against the Red Ribbon Army. This movie was the last DragonBall theatrical animated feature ever produced.
 A retelling of Dragon Ball's origin with a different take on the meeting of Goku, Bulma, and Kame-Sen'nin. It also retells the Red Ribbon Army story; but this time they find Goku rather than Goku finding them.
 Specials included with the original series.Goku no Koutsuuanzen (Goku's Traffic Safety)Goku is heading to West City to attend Bulma's birthday party, and on the way he ends up learning the rules for getting through traffic. The movie was for children to watch so it would teach them how to get across a pedestrian crossing.Goku no Shouboutai (Goku's Fire Brigade)An episode for kids where Goku and the others work for the Fire brigade and explain how avoid problems with fire.
 Reuniting the franchise's iconic characters, Dragon Ball Super will follow the aftermath of Goku's fierce battle with Majin Buu as he attempts to maintain earth's fragile peace.
 Reuniting the franchise's iconic characters, Dragon Ball Super will follow the aftermath of Goku's fierce battle with Majin Buu as he attempts to maintain earth's fragile peace.
 The theme for this remarkable new film will be "Saiyan", the strongest race in the universe. Since "Battle of the Gods", Gokuu has undergone new forms from Super Saiyan God to Super Saiyan Blue to other evolved forms that have gone up against many invincible warriors from multiple universes. This new story will focus on the origin of the Saiyans' strength and what it means to be Saiyan.
 The theme for this remarkable new film will be "Saiyan", the strongest race in the universe. Since "Battle of the Gods", Gokuu has undergone new forms from Super Saiyan God to Super Saiyan Blue to other evolved forms that have gone up against many invincible warriors from multiple universes. This new story will focus on the origin of the Saiyans' strength and what it means to be Saiyan.
 Goku is now an adult and will meet his destiny.
 1989
 Goku is back with his new son, Gohan, but just when things are getting settled down, the adventures continue. Whether he is facing enemies such as Frieza, Cell, or Buu, Goku is proven to be an elite of his own and discovers his race, Saiyan and is able to reach Super Saiyan 3 form. He meets many new people, gaining allies and well as enemies, as he still finds time to raise a family and be the happy-go-lucky Saiyan he is.
 Kami-sama's old nemesis's son has come to exact revenge on Kami-sama for winning the title of Earth's Guardian. After kidnapping Son Gohan and using the dragon balls to gain immortality, he has a final showdown with Goku.
 The evil Dr. Wheelo has resurrected his brain into a robot and now desires to inhabit the body of the world's strongest warrior. This means he must face Son Goku and company in a fight for Goku's life.

 A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Earth. But the Z Warriors do their best to stop Slug and his gang.
 Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help.
 Dr. Gero's Androids #13, #14, and #15 are awakened by the laboratory computers and immediately head to the mall where Goku is shopping. After Goku, Trunks, and Vegeta defeat #14 and #15, #13 absorbs their inner computers and becomes a super being greater than the original three separately were. Now it is up to Goku to stop him.
 As Goku investigates the destruction of the Southern Galaxy, Vegeta is taken to be King of the New Planet Vegeta, and to destroy the Legendary Super Saiyan, Brolly.
 Mr. Money is holding another Tenka'ichi Budokai and Mr. Satan invites everyone in the world to join in. Little does he know that Bojack, an ancient villain who has escaped his prison, is competing. Since Goku is currently dead, it is up to Gohan, Vegita, and Trunks to defeat Bojack and his henchman.
 Kami-sama's old nemesis's son has come to exact revenge on Kami-sama for winning the title of Earth's Guardian. After kidnapping Son Gohan and using the dragon balls to gain immortality, he has a final showdown with Goku.
 After his loss to Goku, Brolly crash lands and hibernates on earth. After some time, he is awakened by Trunks and Goten, who Brolly believes is Kakarott, and goes on a rampage to kill both of them. At the same time, Gohan is on his way to challenge the Legendary Super Saiyan alone.Read more at http
 After his loss to Goku, Brolly crash lands and hibernates on earth. After some time, he is awakened by Trunks and Goten, who Brolly believes is Kakarott, and goes on a rampage to kill both of them. At the same time, Gohan is on his way to challenge the Legendary Super Saiyan alone
 Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, has invited Satan to his personal island to hold a grudge match. Trunks and Goten decide to come for the adventure and Android #18 is following Satan for the money he owes her. Little do they know that Jaga Bada's scientist have found a way to resurrect Broly, the legendary Super Saiyan.
 Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, has invited Satan to his personal island to hold a grudge match. Trunks and Goten decide to come for the adventure and Android #18 is following Satan for the money he owes her. Little do they know that Jaga Bada's scientist have found a way to resurrect Broly, the legendary Super Saiyan.
 Not paying attention to his job, a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode, turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster, but realize their only option is fusion.
 Not paying attention to his job, a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode, turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster, but realize their only option is fusion
 The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the dragon balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster.
 The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the dragon balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster.
 The film is set between the 517th and 518th installments of Akira Toriyama's original manga. Specifically, it is set during the "lost decade" of story time after the end of the battle with Majin Buu. Kuririn, Piccolo, Vegeta, and other familar characters will appear in the film. The film is not a spinoff, but a story in the official history of Dragon Ball.The english audio is ripped from movie theaters , so you will hear laughter at some points throughout. Sorry about the laughter
 The film is set between the 517th and 518th installments of Akira Toriyama's original manga. Specifically, it is set during the "lost decade" of story time after the end of the battle with Majin Buu. Kuririn, Piccolo, Vegeta, and other familar characters will appear in the film. The film is not a spinoff, but a story in the official history of Dragon Ball.
 An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Frieza's army Sorbet and Tagoma (from the Japanese word for 'egg') arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Frieza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...!
 An Earth where peace has arrived. However, remnants of Frieza's army Sorbet and Tagoma (from the Japanese word for 'egg') arrive on the planet. Their goal is to revive Frieza with the dragon balls. Their dastardly wish is granted, the "F" that plans its revenge against the Saiyans is revived...!
 The evil Dr. Wheelo has resurrected his brain into a robot and now desires to inhabit the body of the world's strongest warrior. This means he must face Son Goku and company in a fight for Goku's life.
 A seed of the Tree of Might has been planted on Earth by a group of space pirates. Once rooted, the Tree of Might will devour all life energy, leaving the planet a deserted land where no living thing can survive.Goku and his friends are the last hope...can they defeat the evil space pirates and Turles, the evil leader of the group and a Saiyan!?And if that wasn't trouble enough, Turles powers up by eating a fruit of the tree, and challenges Goku. Can Goku save Gohan and the planet Earth from Turles?
 A giant planetoid looks like it's going to hit the earth, yet explodes just before it makes impact. The inhabitants of the planet, a group of space-pirates, land on the Earth in their little ship to terraform it and use it as a new home base. They are a bunch of horned, sun-sensitive oddities led by Lord Slug--a strangely familiar green alien. Slug learns of the Dragonballs by reading Bulma's mind; he immediately collects them and makes his wish
 After their battle with Frieza on Namek, Goku and Gohan have decided to take a little camping trip for much needed rest and relaxation back on Earth. But their peaceful weekend trip is soon interrupted by Cooler, Frieza's brother whose definately not happy with our saiyan heroes!Out for revenge, Cooler and his powerful Armored Squadron won't rest until the man who destroyed his brother is vanquished, even if that means blowing up the entire planet!Goku has managed to go Super Saiyan before, but will he be able to do it again? And will even a Super Saiyan be enough to beat Frieza's older (and stronger) brother?
 New Namek is besieged by an enormous evil entity - the Big Gete Star - a 'living planet' of metal that sustains itself by devouring entire worlds.Fearing for the existence of his people, Dende, the new guardian of Earth, turns to Goku and his friends for help.The Z-Fighters spring into action in an effort to save the new Namekian home world from this invading menace, but their fight won't be easy! The Big Gete Star has an army of powerful Cyclopean Guards at its disposal, and what's more, at the heart of this metal giant lurks an old enemy... Cooler!
 Dr. Gero's Androids #13, #14, and #15 are awakened by the laboratory computers and immediately head to the mall where Goku is shopping. After Goku, Trunks, and Vegeta defeat #14 and #15, #13 absorbs their inner computers and becomes a super being greater than the original three separately were. Now it is up to Goku to stop him.
 As Goku investigates the destruction of the Southern Galaxy, Vegeta is taken to be King of the New Planet Vegeta, and to destroy the Legendary Super Saiyan, Brolly.
 Mr. Money is holding another Tenka'ichi Budokai and Mr. Satan invites everyone in the world to join in. Little does he know that Bojack, an ancient villain who has escaped his prison, is competing. Since Goku is currently dead, it is up to Gohan, Vegita, and Trunks to defeat Bojack and his henchman.
 Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.
 Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.
 It has been thirteen years since the Androids began their killing rampage and Son Gohan is the only person fighting back. He takes Bulma's son Trunks as a student and even gives his own life to save Trunks's. Now Trunks must figure out a way to change this apocalyptic future.
 It has been thirteen years since the Androids began their killing rampage and Son Gohan is the only person fighting back. He takes Bulma's son Trunks as a student and even gives his own life to save Trunks's. Now Trunks must figure out a way to change this apocalyptic future.

 Two years have passed since the battle with Majin Boo. Mr.Satan's hotel, built as a commemoration of the victory over Boo, is finally complete!!Gokuu and the other fighters are invited as guests. While Goku and the others are enjoying the party, a strange pod falls to Earth. Inside, a sharp-eyed Saiyan detects strong fighting abilities and takes a small alien along to the party! When the Saiyan encounters Vegeta, his words shock everyone!!
 Arata was just your normal high-schooler, until one day when things started to move. He gets entangled in a phone game called "Dragon Collection." With his only redeeming quality being lucky, what can he do about conquering the World?
 A normal high school boy Kisaragi Ryuji’s peaceful life is turned into an adventure by the return of his second cousin Eriko. Ryuji and Eriko seize a relic box from a black broker. In the box, they find a red dragon girl Rose. In order to protect Rose from the black organization, Ryuji decides to fight using his power as a relic handler.
 Oozora Reiji was one of the most laid back people in all of Japan. Considered to be the king of lateness at his school, he's never finished a single thing that he's started, simply because it doesn't look cool if he can't do it.But it all changes when, one day, his childhood friend Yukino Maiko invites him to the only thing he'll ever finish... deep beneath Tokyo, there is a secret building run by Rion. It is here that the most powerful Virtual Reality technology resides... in the hands of the powerful corporation, Rion. With it, they have created an addictive game where you control a dragon. It is called Dragon Drive. Its no surprise when Reiji gets his dragon... a small white dragon -- thats sleeping! But his first time playing, Chibisuke reveals his true power, when he easily defeats one of the current champions!But Dragon Drive is more than it seems... unbeknowest to its players, there are two worlds... there is Earth, and then there is Reverse-Earth, or Ri-kyuu. In this alternate dimension, dragons are real -- and so is death. Theres a power growing inside Chibisuki and Reiji, and only their bond of trust, and the friendship of all their allies, will they be able to save the two worlds from Rion, and return back to Earth!
 Oozora Reiji isn't a lazy boy, he's just terribly unmotivated; all the clubs and activities he's joined don't interest him for long. That is, of course, until his best friend Yukino takes him to a underground arcade where an unbelievable virtual reality game is played - Dragon Drive - in which players fight each other with virtual dragons. Reiji ends up throwing all he's got into training a dragon so rare that the Dragon Drive staff are baffled. But soon Reiji learns that Dragon Drive isn't all it seems, and he might be the only one who can save an entire world from evil.
 Mink is a cute little dragon halfling (half human/half dragon) who has the unfortunate luck to fall in love with a famous handsome idol singer (you know the type). Unfortunate, because he is also a famous dragon hunter who would like nothing better to put Mink's head on a wall. Her main goal is to find a potion that will make her completely human and will do just about anything that will give her a chance at it.
 Dragon Quest is loosely based on Dragon Quest III. The names and some of the characters are familar, but the world map is smaller and a very different shape. The two main characters are Abel and Tialah. Tialah receives the legendary Red Stone from the Aliahan Village sage Master Yogi. Soon after, Tialah is kidnapped by the evil Baramos who wants to use the Red Stone to resurrect The Great Dragon and be granted eternal life. Abel swore to rescue Tialah and he is given the Blue Stone, which can only seal the Dragon once it has been released.
 A long time ago, there was a valiant swordsman who came to be known simply as "the hero." There was a demon who has caused people suffering. The hero and his companions arrived to challenge the demon to a battle and by combining their powers, the battle was brought swift conclusion. With no one around to cause trouble, the island became a quiet place where everyone could live together in peace.Several years later, the demon is revived. Our present-day protagonist, Dai, lives on a remote island in the southern seas and dreams of becoming a great hero. When he hears about the demon's revival, Dai and his friends take it upon themselves to stop him and the evil force that revived him. Along the way, Dai discovers the identity of "the hero," the truth behind the evil force who revived the demon, and Dai's own hidden powers that surface in times of peril.
 A long time ago, there was a valiant swordsman who came to be known simply as "the hero." There was a demon who has caused people suffering. The hero and his companions arrived to challenge the demon to a battle and by combining their powers, the battle was brought swift conclusion. With no one around to cause trouble, the island became a quiet place where everyone could live together in peace.Several years later, the demon is revived. Our present-day protagonist, Dai, lives on a remote island in the southern seas and dreams of becoming a great hero. When he hears about the demon's revival, Dai and his friends take it upon themselves to stop him and the evil force that revived him. Along the way, Dai discovers the identity of "the hero," the truth behind the evil force who revived the demon, and Dai's own hidden powers that surface in times of peril.
 After the defeat of the demon lord Hadlar all of the monsters were unleashed from his evil will and moved to the island of Delmurin to live in peace. Dai is the only human living on the island. Having been raised by the kindly monster Brass, Dai's dream is to grow up to be a hero. He gets to become one when Hadlar is resurrected and the previous hero, Avan, comes to train Dai to help in the battle. But Hadlar, announcing that he now works for an even more powerful demon lord, comes to kill Avan. To save his students Avan uses a Self-Sacrifice spell to attack, but is unable to defeat Hadlar. When it seems that Dai and Avan's other student Pop are doomed a mark appears on Dai's forehead and he suddenly gains super powers and is able to fend off Hadlar. The two students then go off on a journey to avenge Avan and bring peace back to the world.
 Based on Dragon Quest V
 Faaren is a peaceful and happy realm, ruled by a wise King... until the Demon Lord Ackdam overruns the kingdom with his black legions and terrifying dragon, killing the King and capturing the Queen. But the King's young son, Sirius, is swept away to safety and grows to be a powerful young warrior, tutored in the ways of swordsmanship and chivalry by his father's loyal minion, Rias.
 In an RPG fantasy world, a red dragon named Letty is disowned by his parents after failing to guard their eggs. Now he has to find a place of his own, but unlike other dragons, Letty is meek, cowardly, and has overall low stats. Regardless, a defenseless young dragon makes for an easy target for those who only see him as a beast to be feared, vanquished, and even devoured. After some time searching for somewhere to call "home," he encounters the elf Dearia, who saves him from a band of heroes. Both an architect and a real estate agent, Dearia offers to help Letty find the perfect abode that suits his needs. Thus ensues Letty's house-hunting quest, as well as all the fantastical creatures and formidable enemies he meets along the way!
 Based on a world-famous action RPG set in an open world, Dragon's Dogma from Capcom will be brought to life as a Netflix original anime series. The story follows a man's journey seeking revenge on a dragon who stole his heart. On his way, the man is brought back to life as an "Arisen." An action adventure about a man challenged by demons who represent the seven deadly sins of humans.
 Based on a world-famous action RPG set in an open world, Dragon's Dogma from Capcom will be brought to life as a Netflix original anime series. The story follows a man's journey seeking revenge on a dragon who stole his heart. On his way, the man is brought back to life as an "Arisen." An action adventure about a man challenged by demons who represent the seven deadly sins of humans.
 In the year 3195, there was a war between an army of robots and the humans. When Shaian, a sentient combat armor, lost his companion in battle, he shut down until his internal systems spotted a new human. It's now almost a 1000 years later, and Shaian's greatest enemy is still alive and doing battle in Brazil. With a new friend`s help, Shaian may be able to stop this evil force before another war rages over the continent.
 Under the guidance of National Martial Arts Master, Tang Zichen, a weak but righteous youth starts his traditional martial arts journey. Check out how he becomes invincible and goes beyond his limits time and time again. Experience how martial artists stop conflicts with martial arts, use virtue to subdue their opponents and how they make traditional martial arts popular again while promoting righteousness
 In order to avoid Earth's impending destruction from an asteroid impact, the International Solarsystem Development Agency (ISDA) works on the D-Project, and creates the Dragonaut after finding a dragon egg at the bottom of the ocean.However, they soon find out that the asteroid is not their only threat, as powerful dragon-like creatures appear on Earth. After witnessing a murder by one of the creatures, Kamishina Jin gets involved in the mysteries of the dragons and becomes the chosen pilot of the Dragonaut. Helping him on his journey is Toa, a mysterious girl who saves him from falling to his death after the creature attacks him. As they get deeper into the mysteries of the dragons, they encounter new friends and enemies, and also begin to develop a closer relationship.
 Twenty years prior to the story's beginning, an asteroid headed for Earth destroys Pluto. Due to Pluto's destruction, the asteroid, which is dubbed Thanatos, becomes temporarily stagnant. Now, in order to avoid Earth's impending destruction, the International Solarsystem Development Agency (ISDA) works on the "D-Project", and creates the "Dragonaut" after finding a dragon egg under the ocean. This weapon's primary purpose is to destroy the asteroid when the time comes. However, they soon find out that the asteroid is not their only threat, as powerful dragon-like creatures, which are bent on destruction, appear on Earth.After witnessing a murder by one of the creatures, Jin Kamishina, a lonely 18-year-old boy who lost his family in a shuttle accident two years ago, gets involved in the mysteries of the dragons and becomes the chosen pilot of the Dragonaut. Helping him on his journey is Toa, a mysterious girl who saves him from falling to his death after the creature attacks him. As they get deeper into the mysteries of the dragons, they encounter new friends and enemies, and also begin to develop a closer relationship.
 As the village of Berk prepares for its winter holiday, the resident dragons all inexplicably fly away.
 The story takes place many years in the future where the game "Rhyme," a virtual fighting game, is incredibly popular and people possess "AllMates," convenient AI computers. Aoba leads an ordinary life, working at a junk shop and living with his grandmother on the island of Midorijima. Unlike his friends, he doesn't participate in Rhyme, nor does he belong in a gang. However, when rumors of people disappearing spread, Aoba finds himself needing to unravel the mysteries behind the island in order to protect his everyday life.
 Data xx Transitory is the thirteenth and bonus episode of the DRAMAtical Murder animation. It features all of the bad endings from the original game.
 Data xx Transitory is the thirteenth and bonus episode of the DRAMAtical Murder animation. It features all of the bad endings from the original game.
 One day, second year high school student Kanade Amamiya is suddenly scouted by legendary idol Haruto Mikami. He now faces the life an idol with others in the same agency. He aims to make his CD debut in Dream Festival!, joined by the mysterious Shin Oikawa, the stoic Junya Sasaki, the kind but passionate Itsuki Katagiri, and the clumsy but smart Chizuru Sawamura. In order to receive the Dream Festival! Cards sent by fans, can Kanade and the others become the best on stage?

 Rem is an ordinary woman in our world but, in the world of dreams, she becomes a dream warrior, defending humanity from the evils there. When dream demons reach the waking world, she fights them with the help of her pets which transform into a tiger and wolf.
 Caused by a sister's only dream, a teenager named Dragon Ron accompanied his sister Dragon Shane on a journey, hoping to revive the Air force team that falls apart due to a loss they'll never forget to the defending champion which is the Titans team. They only had 3 months to prepare themselves for revenge. But the unforgettable loss of the Air force team really blows them off, reuniting the team was never been easy, as the matter of fact, they become much worse than ever. But only in this difficult time, the rookie team were able to make a breakthrough and become more powerful. Dragon Ron and her sister not only rebuilt the Air force team, this newly formed team even improved a lot after overcoming different types of obstacles. At this moment, Dragon Ron's incredible talent suddenly burst out. He trained relentlessly and eventually became a professional racer. 3 months was just like a blink of an eye, the Titans team is just like a big mountain blocking the glory in front of them that once slipped away, but Dragon Ron's eyes is telling us, they aren't afraid, they won't hold back, they will crush this big mountain that's blocking their way in order to fulfil the race of their dreams. This time, they'll win!
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.
 Shimazu Toyohisa, whilst involved at the Battle of Sekigahara, manages to mortally wound Ii Naomasa, but is critically wounded in the process. As he walks from the field broken and bleeding, Toyohisa finds himself transported to a corridor of doors, where a bespectacled man at a desk waits for him. This man, Murasaki, sends Toyohisa into the nearest door where he wakes up in another world. There, Toyohisa meets other great warriors like him who have been transported as well, to be part of a group known as "Drifters."
 Shimazu Toyohisa, whilst involved at the Battle of Sekigahara, manages to mortally wound Ii Naomasa, but is critically wounded in the process. As he walks from the field broken and bleeding, Toyohisa finds himself transported to a corridor of doors, where a bespectacled man at a desk waits for him. This man, Murasaki, sends Toyohisa into the nearest door where he wakes up in another world. There, Toyohisa meets other great warriors like him who have been transported as well, to be part of a group known as "Drifters."
 Bundled with the fifth manga volume.
 Unaired episode 13 and 14 of Drifters released only on BluRay. They were not bundled with the volume 1-7 BD releases of the main show nor were they labeled as "volume 8" on the official website.
 This is a special "back-side" (ura) episode aired on GyaO simultaneously with original broadcast which features the background story from party's side instead of Jil's.
 This is a special "back-side" (ura) episode aired on GyaO simultaneously with original broadcast which features the background story from party's side instead of Jil's.
 It is said that every few years, there is what's known as the "Summer of Anu." During that summer, thanks to the divine protection of the sky-god Anu, all of the demons in the tower lose their power. The country of Uruk has begun an invasion of the tower in order to suppress the demons. They've built up positions inside the tower, with their sights set on getting to the upper levels. The Uruk army knows that this is the third Summer of Anu-a perfect time to launch a mission to suppress the monster Druaga once and for all. The army soldiers aren't the only ones in the tower, though. An enitre city called Meskia has formed inside the tower's first floor. It plays host not just to soldiers, but also to adventurers who have heard rumors about a legendary treasure called the Blue Crystal Rod, which is said to rest at the very top of the tower. With all these different groups in the mix, each with its own agenda, one can only guess how things will play out during this unusual summer.
 With broken spirits and enigmatic questions that hold no answers lingering, Jil is still trying to figure everything out. Then, a mysterious girl named Kai appears before him and says
 Shu is from Datania, a country that makes young children work. He and his friends were trying to escape when they met the Returners. The Returners are some kind of rebels to Datania. Shu goes with the Returners to fight Zero, Nines, and his men who are after DT, a special substance inside humans.
 Kazuki Yotsuga is your regular average nerd in high-school, except he isn't smart. He has this website which relates to his visions that only he can see. His vision's are about robots who keep fighting each other battle after battle. One day he is sent to a, "parallel world" where these visions exist and he joins a company to fight back against the devious RaRa, who want to take over the world.
 Kazuki is plagued by visions of giant robots that no one else can see. Before Kazuki knows what is happening, he gets ensnared by a pretty face, and then a mad scientist's experiment tosses him into a strange parallel world, where his imagined dangers have become very real!
 The word cerebrum refers to a gigantic system consisting of collision universes, which is called cerebrum universe. The story starts from a series of unknown murders, unravelling the secret hiding beneath the entire universe, ranging from horrifying conspiracies to galaxy wars, from anti-human betrayals to honourable sacrifices. Having realised her weakness and backwardness, mankind takes the last stand.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 A mysterious organization is interested in fledging duelist Shobu Kirifuda’s ability to bring Duel Master creatures to life. With the support of his friends, Shobu duels with passion, discipline, and heart as he strives to be like his father and become the next Kaijudo master.
 A mysterious organization is interested in fledging duellist Shobu Kirifuda's ability to bring Duel Master creatures to life. With the support of his friends, Shobu duels with passion, discipline, and heart as he strives to be like his father and become the next Kaijudo master.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The most anticipated card game, Duel Masters had returned after 2 years since the battle in the past season. However, Katta Kirifuda once the strongest duelist, is now a year 2 middle school student and had lost his passion of dueling throughout the 2 years, and dreams of curry bread every day.However, after an encounter with the baseball ace, Hokaben, a mysterious duelist and a reunion with his childhood friend Lulu Takigawa, he rekindled his dueling spirit and return to his journey of becoming the strongest duelist. With new friends and rivals and Katta's passionate duelist soul, the greatest battle begins!
 No synopsis has been added for this series yet.
 Sakura Hibiki is your average high school girl, with a voracious appetite. Noticing her clothes tightening in lieu of her slowly expanding waistline she decides to look into enrolling in the nearby gym. There she runs into a girl from her grade named Souryuuin Akemi.Akemi, who has a muscle fetish tries to get Hibiki to enroll in the gym despite its high ratio of macho men. Thankfully a beautiful trainer, Machio, appears and unknowingly convinces her to enroll and start her quest to a great body.
 Sakura Hibiki is your average high school girl, with a voracious appetite. Noticing her clothes tightening in lieu of her slowly expanding waistline she decides to look into enrolling in the nearby gym. There she runs into a girl from her grade named Souryuuin Akemi.Akemi, who has a muscle fetish tries to get Hibiki to enroll in the gym despite its high ratio of macho men. Thankfully a beautiful trainer, Machio, appears and unknowingly convinces her to enroll and start her quest to a great body.
 Commonly known as the "Dungeon," the city of Orario possesses a huge labyrinth in the underground. Its strange name attracts excitement, illusions of honor, and hopes of romance with a pretty girl. In this city of dreams and desires, new adventurer Bell Cranel has his fateful encounter with the tiny Goddess Hestia.Thus begins the story of a boy striving to become the best adventurer and a lonely goddess searching for followers both hoping to reach their goals and perhaps have some romance in the side.
 Sword princess Aiz Wallenstein. Today, once again, the strongest female swordsman heads to the giant labyrinth known as the "Dungeon" along with her allies. On the 50th floor where mysteries and threats such as a decayed dragon's corpse that crumbles to ash and an irregularity that creeps ever closer to the party loom, Aiz calls for the wind and heads deeper into the darkness of the Dungeon. Eventually, she finds herself meeting a boy for the first time. "Um, are you OK?" In the Labyrinth City of Orario, the contrasting stories of the boy and the girl intersect!
 After having descended upon this world, the gods have created guilds where adventurers can test their mettle. These guilds, known as "familia," grant adventurers the chance to explore, gather, hunt, or simply enjoy themselves.Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Gaiden
 Second season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.
 Second season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.


 Third season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.
 Third season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.
 N/A
 Second part of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka IV.
 Second part of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka IV.
 Based on Oomori Fujino's light novel series.
 On their way back from the 18th floor, Hestia, Bell, and the others accidentally uncover a hidden, mystical hot spring, and they decide to stop by to refresh themselves until creatures lurking in the dark appear to attack them.
 The author Narita and illustrator Yasuda Suzuhito's "distorted love story" is set in Ikebukuro, Tokyo, and revolves around an ensemble cast including street thugs, high school students, a female radio host, an underworld doctor, a young information vendor, and a headless Irish fairy. Narita Ryougo may be better known to English speakers as the author of the Baccano! novel series.
 Half a year after the turmoil that rocked the entire city of Ikebukuro, peace has once again returned to the city, and people are living each day normally. The high school students enjoy their days of youth as the strongest and most dangerous man of Ikebukuro works diligently. The informant plots (or plans) a new scheme and the headless rider is pursued by the cops as she rides through the night... But soon this normal will be cut short by the abnormal. Slowly but surely, the unknown will seize the city and face an all new storm.
 Ikebukuro is engulfed in a spiral of confusion. A group of individuals, each carrying the weight of their own past, gathers at Shinra's apartment, while in the city the Dollars, Yellow Scarves, and Saika contend for power. However, the situation takes a turn that no one could expect when Celty's head is revealed to the public, as this tale approaches its conclusion.
 Second cours of the second Durarara!! season.
 Third and final cours of the second Durarara!! season.
 A fake Shizuo from Numabukuro is causing chaos in Ikebukuro.
 With his handsome slim-fit suit, characteristic glossy shades, and a casual cigarette in mouth, word is that the remarkably strong Shizuo Heiwajima rules Ikebukoro's streets. When ordinary bartender Shizuo Nobusuma hears these rumors, he realizes he could make his own life a bit easier
 First cour of Durarara!!'s second season.
 One night, Mikado Ryuugamine accepts an invitation to Shinra Kishitani's apartment, eager to talk to Celty as quite some time has passed since the two last spoke. But, much to his astonishment, he finds that a large group of Ikebukuro's finest has gathered there for a hot pot party.Already confused with the current situation, Mikado is further surprised to see that his friend and fellow Raira Academy student Anri Sonohara is there as well. As the two decide to take a seat together, a few members of the group begin reminiscing over events from days past
 One night, Mikado Ryuugamine accepts an invitation to Shinra Kishitani's apartment, eager to talk to Celty as quite some time has passed since the two last spoke. But, much to his astonishment, he finds that a large group of Ikebukuro's finest has gathered there for a hot pot party.Already confused with the current situation, Mikado is further surprised to see that his friend and fellow Raira Academy student Anri Sonohara is there as well. As the two decide to take a seat together, a few members of the group begin reminiscing over events from days past
 Second cours of the second Durarara!! season.
 In spite of the mayhem that has been taking place in Ikebukuro, Shinra Kishitani and Celty Sturluson have decided to go on a short trip. Excited to finally be going out with the one he loves, the underground doctor makes it his priority to give Celty his undivided attention, even if it means rejecting phone calls from his good friend Izaya Orihara.However, despite his hopes of having a peaceful holiday, Ikebukuro's various residents continue trying to reach him. Furthermore, just as Shinra begins to enjoy reminiscing about old memories on a carriage ride together with his beloved, Celty starts to notice a strange presence...
 In spite of the mayhem that has been taking place in Ikebukuro, Shinra Kishitani and Celty Sturluson have decided to go on a short trip. Excited to finally be going out with the one he loves, the underground doctor makes it his priority to give Celty his undivided attention, even if it means rejecting phone calls from his good friend Izaya Orihara.However, despite his hopes of having a peaceful holiday, Ikebukuro's various residents continue trying to reach him. Furthermore, just as Shinra begins to enjoy reminiscing about old memories on a carriage ride together with his beloved, Celty starts to notice a strange presence...
 Follows the musical careers and personal lives of several bands under the "Dynamic Chord" agency and music label.
 Ex-Driver is set in the future, when all transportation is easily controlled by AI. Though like all machines they tend to break down or lose control or re-programmed. This is where three high schoolers with non AI cars, Subaru WRX, Super 7, Lotus comes in to save the day and make sure the public is safe at all times.
 After winning domestic preliminary round, Lisa, Lorna, and Soichi advance to ex-Driver world race competition held in Los Angeles as representative team from Japan. Like a bad omen, they encountered a reckless AI car the first night they arrived at Los Angeles. Although they successfully stopped the car, the local police department is not very happy about that and insists to examine their car overnight.However, the problem did not stop just there. The daughter of the United States team`s sponsor, Angela, has gone missing. Lorna realized that Angela was on the reckless AI car before. Soichi who guessed that Angel could be in danger then start looking for her. But Soichi got captured by a mysterious man, and he shocked to find Angela is also there.During the confinement inside a warehouse, Soichi finds out that apparently there is a connection between the series of incident and illegal gambling on the ex-Driver world race competition. Now Soichi must escape from the warehouse with Angela...
 The story takes place on a world 100 years in the future, a few years before Lisa and Lorna joined eX-D organization. The world where people drives computer-controlled electrically powered "AI cars" which automatically take you where you want to go. However, one AI car mysteriously start to run amok. Now Nina and Rei, as the main driver for ex-D organization have to solve the mystery behind the AI car with evil plot and trap awaiting for them...
 Quack Experimental Anime Excel Saga presents the weird adventures of Excel, a hyper-enthusiastic girl, who is employed by the super-secret organization Across with the aim to take over the world. And she will do anything for her beloved Ilpalazzo, the leader of Across. In this endeavour she is joined by the constantly near-death-skimming Hyatt, the next-door neighbour boys, Nabeshin the director, Menchi the puppy, Pedro the immigrant worker and the Grand Will of the Macrocosm!
 Hyperactive Excel does anything and everything to try to please her lord, Ilpalazzo, who wants to take over the planet. Excel's misadventures takes her and her partner, the ever-dying Hyatt, all over the world, meeting several strange people as they go. Everything is bizarre and goofy, as any kind of anime or entertainment genre gets mocked and spoofed.
 In the distant future, human beings have been forced to leave earth and migrate to another galaxy. An advanced team of spacecraft arrives at a planet that is to be terraformed. Each member of the team is output by a biological 3D printer.
 In the distant future, human beings have been forced to leave earth and migrate to another galaxy. An advanced team of spacecraft arrives at a planet that is to be terraformed. Each member of the team is output by a biological 3D printe


 Tadashi is a high school student and computer-game addict. After a long day spent playing the game Zenon, he is visited in a dream by the heroine, Sartova. In an anime replay of The Last Starfighter, she takes him to the world of Zenon, where the game is played with human lives at stake.The show starts with our hero Hiroshi easily defeating an arcade machine, impressing all of his nerdy friends. When he gets home, he finds a bizarre new game waiting for him on his computer. The game promises him a chance at winning the heart of a beautiful girl, so Hiroshi presses "Yes" to begin...only to have the screen turn to static right in front of him.Skip to the next day. Hiroshi starts telling his friends about this game, and they aren't sure what to believe. But right then, in the middle of the class, a huge electrical storm hits, leaving in its wake a lone white egg. When Hiroshi touches it, the egg opens, revealing a beautiful (and stark naked) green-haired girl.This girl, Hiroko, gives Hiroshi the name Zenon and gives him all sorts of powers, including ESP. That's all well and good, but right afterwards all the way to the very end, Hiroshi/Zenon winds up battling all sorts of evil bad guys and huge meanies non-stop to protect his new sweetheart.
 She's an archeologist AND a black belt and Ray Kazuki will need her brains and her brawn as she plunges into a thrill-filled adventure. Ray's examining an exciting new archeological discovery
  Hyper Sports, which use extreme gear as support items, have become popular hobby competitions among both children and adults. Hiyori Hayama is a high school singer who has nothing to do with Hyper Sports, but a certain incident sets the story in motion.
 Kobayakawa Sena is a little guy who always get picked on by the bullies in school. Since elementary school, he always play the role of the errand boy to the extent that he has become swift and fast in his movements. Coincidentally, Hiruma Youichi and Kurita Ryukan are looking for a fast running back for their American Football team (Amefuto) and want to put Sena in the team. To hide their new star player from the eyes of other High Schools, Hiruma encases Sena in a Amefuto helmet with a dark visor and name him Eyeshield #21.
 After the destruction of Nibelheim at the hands of Sephiroth, Zack Fair and Cloud Strife are on the run from Shinra Inc. As they make their way back to Midgar, they recall the horrible events that happened at Nibelheim, fighting for survival against Shinra.
 Synopsis
 A continuation of the events from Final Fantasy V. 200 years after Batz and his friends saved two worlds from the threat of ExDeath, a threat arises and seeks to take the Crystals for itself. Linaly, a descendant of Batz, and her friend/protector Pretz journey to the Temple Of Wind to seek the source of this new danger.
 A continuation of the events from Final Fantasy V. 200 years after Bartz and his friends saved two worlds from the threat of ExDeath, a threat arises and seeks to take the Crystals for itself. Linaly, a descendant of Bartz, and her friend/protector Prettz journey to the Temple Of Wind to seek the source of this new danger.
 A planet is overrun by a mysterious group of creatures that infect and destroy all life on Earth. Only the determination of a single woman to find a cure will prevent the world from slowly being eaten away. Yet there are those from within who are impatient for results and will do anything to win this war.
 Ai and Yu, after reading their parent’s research and after their parents’ disappearance, they decided to go on search for them. They ride a strange train to the Inner World in search of their parents and meets up with Lisa in the train and together they begin their journey within the Inner World.
 Years ago, the opening of an interdimensional portal released two beasts into the skies over the Sea of Japan, visible to all the countries along the coast. After destroying the naval patrol sent to investigate the disturbance, the two beasts then turned against each other.Witnessing the fight from Japan, scientists Joe and Marie Hayakawa were sucked into the rift. Upon returning to Earth, they compiled and published the academic findings from their voyage in a legendary book titled ''Day of Succession''. Attempting a second expedition to that other dimension twelve years later, the couple have not returned.Twins Ai and Yu Hayakawa decide to set forth in search of their parents and the mysterious Wonderland they studied. In the ruins of an abandoned subway station, the two wait for a train to take them to the world beyond. On board they meet Lisa Pacifist, who quickly decides to aid the two in the search for their missing family. Can the three of them manage to find Joe and Marie?
 Prince Marth, heir to the throne of Aritia, has fled his homeland and the invaders bent on conquering the entire continent. Together with the Aritian Knights he hides and bides his time in the friendly island kingdom of Talus. Though criticized for constantly daydreaming or being in a bad mood, he has found a friend in Caeda, the princess of Talus. Together they indulge in hayrides and shopping trips, or just standing upon the parapet and looking out over the land. However, despite how pleasant life is, he cannot forget the circumstances that separated him from his land and forced his beloved sister to sacrifice herself for him.
 A massive gas explosion in modern-day Tokyo throws seventeen year old Suzuko back in time - 500 years into the past and into a death-strewn battlefield. Rescued from lecherous bandits by the young warriorShukumaru, Suzuko struggles to untangle the time-lines. Slowly she begins to understand the strange force that has exiled her, and how it relates to her own mysterious past.Shukumaru and Suzuko tackle mystery, tragedy and disaster as time unravels amidst the roaring flames of past and present.
 Fireball takes place during the war between humans and robots. There is no real story, just individual episode skits.
 Fireball takes place during the war between humans and robots. There is no real story, just individual episode skits.
 The show takes place in the distant future of the 13th, 4-9th millennium, and revolves around the happenings inside a giant manor (named 'Tempest Tower') inhabited by two robots.

 It is the year 2104 AD. The terrible war is over and peace seemed close in the world. However, there is one thing that can bring down this peace. That is the criminal organisation who's power and actions are widespread across the world... The Black Orchid.From the main countries of the world, the "Storm Force" was formed to take down the Black Orchid. They are also known under the code name "Fire Storm".
 Have you ever seen a servant who is more arrogant than noble? Have you seen a servant who is more arrogant than a monk? Have you seen a servant who is more domineering than an emperor? Have you ever seen a servant who hooked up with her own lady? Have you ever seen a servant who is in trouble with the alluring city? As a modern man, Xu Feng has always been intoxicated with wind and moon, and has become a dog and horse, but because of an accident, he has reborn into another world, and he has become a servant. Messing with Ms. Xiao's family, ganging up with the rich ladies, scourge thousands. Achieve a generation of family!
 In a post-nuclear future, human race has made many steps. Normal people have become slaves, while genetically modified giants rule the world. Gunpowder is a distant memory and martial arts is the only weapon a man can count on. Two schools face each other in the battle for dominion
 This short 6 minute 3D CGI film of Kenshiro’s final battle with Raoh was created in 2006 and came out on DVD in 2007. This will most probably remain an exclusively Japanese release.
 In 20xx, a civil war broke out in a small country in Asia in spite of the dispatch of UN forces. But a picture taken by accident in the battlefield accelerates the peace process
 Iko, a third grader, lives with his four older brothers in an old house in Tateyama. Iko's family has no parents, and according to his older brothers, their mother works in Tokyo. Despite being a bit eccentric, Iko loves his brothers, who take good care of him, but they have a secret
 Recca is a boy living in the modern world, only he seems drawn to following the ways of the ninja. On the day he befriends a girl named Yanagi who has a mysterious power of healing, he is confronted and challenged by a Dark Priestess. This battle leads Recca to discover a strange power within himself. Afterwards, he finds that not only is his past and destiny not as crystal clear as he had thought, but there are others with powers practicing the way of the ninja who challenge him one after another.
 Most people think that ninjas are a thing of the past, but Rekka Hanabishi wishes otherwise. Although he comes from a family that makes fireworks, he likes to think of himself as a self-styled, modern-day ninja. Sounds like fun, right? Maybe not. Rekka ends up in lots of fights because he once made the bold announcement that if someone can defeat him, he will become their servant.Then one day, Rekka meets Yanagi Sakoshita, a gentle girl with the ability to heal any wound or injury. Their meeting sets off a chain of events, which culminate into a shocking discovery. Rekka is the last surviving member of a legendary ninja clan that was wiped out centuries ago. Even more astonishing than being an actual ninja, he also wields the power to control fire. What does this mean for Rekka? Who are these strange people after him and Yanagi? Find out in Rekka no Honoo!
 This episode explains why the title of the series is "Flame of Recca". The things that happened in this short OAV was in the last volume, volume 33, of the tankoubon of Flame of Recca.
 Nello Tarth is a poor but happy orphan who lives with his grandfather Jehan in a little village nearby Antwerp. Nello has a talent for drawing pictures and has been fascinated by it since he saw one of Rubens (a famous artist) pictures as a little boy. Helping Jehan with the daily milk delivery to Antwerp, Nello one day discovers Patrash, a working dog who has been mistreated and abandoned by his former owner. He treats the exhausted animal and after a little while a close and dependable friendship develops. Alois Cojez, the daughter of the richest and hence most influential man in Blacken Village, is Nellos best friend. When Nello decides to become an artist he has to experience firsthand the ignorance and cruelty of the villagers. Especially Alois father thinks of him as a slacker who cannot earn his living by drawing pictures. Nontheless Nello perseveres and never gives up to achieve his dream and to win their appreciation and respect while strenuously struggling with his poverty.
 Set in 19th-century Belgium, this classic tale, based on the Flemish novel by Oui'da, celebrates the affectionate bond between an innocent boy and his faithful dog. The stunning animation, a masterful combination of traditional and computer-aided animation, captures the natural splendor of the Flanders countryside and recreates the spirit of this classic story that has captivated audiences world wide for more than 130 years. In fact, the popularity of The Dog Of Flanders led the local Belgian government of Flanders to dedicate a statue to Nello and Patrash in 1985, immortalizing their devotion to each other.
 A boy named Nello becomes an orphan at the age of two when his mother dies. His grandfather, who lives in a small village takes him in. One day, Nello finds a dog who was almost beaten to death and named him Patrasche. Due to the good care of his grandfather, the dog recovers, and from then on, Nello and Patrasche are inseparable. Since they are very poor, Nello has to help his grandfather by selling milk. Patrasche helps him pull the milk cart that Nello uses to sell milk in the town.
 While the two six-episode installments were previously slated for late 2017 to early 2018, the staff announced at the panel that they are both slated for 2018 with a break in the middle. The two seasons will have completely separate stories. The staff previously announced that the 12 episodes will be a sequel to the 2000-2001 original video anime.
 While the two six-episode installments were previously slated for late 2017 to early 2018, the staff announced at the panel that they are both slated for 2018 with a break in the middle. The two seasons will have completely separate stories. The staff previously announced that the 12 episodes will be a sequel to the 2000-2001 original video anime.
 In the new season of FLCL, many years have passed since Naota and Haruhara Haruko shared their adventure together. Meanwhile, the war between the two entities known as Medical Mechanica and Fraternity rages across the galaxy. Enter Hidomi, a young teenaged girl who believes there is nothing amazing to expect from her average life, until one day when a new teacher named Haruko arrives at her school. Soon enough, Medical Mechanica is attacking her town and Hidomi discovers a secret within her that could save everyone, a secret that only Haruko can unlock.But why did Haruko return to Earth? What happened to her Rickenbacker 4001 she left with Naota? And where did the human-type robot "Canti" go?
 In the new season of FLCL, many years have passed since Naota and Haruhara Haruko shared their adventure together. Meanwhile, the war between the two entities known as Medical Mechanica and Fraternity rages across the galaxy. Enter Hidomi, a young teenaged girl who believes there is nothing amazing to expect from her average life, until one day when a new teacher named Haruko arrives at her school. Soon enough, Medical Mechanica is attacking her town and Hidomi discovers a secret within her that could save everyone, a secret that only Haruko can unlock.But why did Haruko return to Earth? What happened to her Rickenbacker 4001 she left with Naota? And where did the human-type robot "Canti" go?
 The fourth season of FLCL, and sequel to FLCL Alternative.
 The fifth season of FLCL, and sequel to FLCL
 It is the 25th century. The dark lord has 'infected' history with time-devices that could damage history beyond repair. Flint and his father lived in the prehistorics when they got turned into fossiles. They are discovered and Flint ges turned back to his original state. With the help of his father, a boy Tony and a girl Sara he has to travel trough time to bring the time-devices back to the land of time so history will be saved.
 Papika and Cocona hold the keys to open the door. When the two girls meet, their adventures in a different time and different overlapping dimension called "Pure Illusion" begin. Many things in Pure Illusion will stand in the girls' way on their search for the mysterious crystal called the "Shard of Mimi," an item that is said to grant any wish. However, when the girls find themselves in danger, the Shard of Mimi shines, and they are able to transform.
 The series follows several girls who have been bestowed with magical powers. They use these powers to solve everyday problems.
 It's the first day of the new school year. 5th grader Ari and her best friends Suha and Min have started an after school activity called the Problem Solving Club. However, no one seems to have any problems that need to be solved. Disappointed Ari ends up discovering an unconscious hamster on the road. Amazingly...the hamster begins to speak. "I must find the magic ring..."
 The second season of Flowering Heart.
 Have you ever heard the story about a crane becoming a beauty to return a favor? Wait! Why did the crane become a man?! However... a man also is not bad...
 Kowata Makoto is an air head with a bad sense of direction that just moved into her relative's house... But is that all?
 In the witches' tradition, when a practitioner turns 15, they must become independent and leave their home to study witchcraft. Makoto Kowata is one such apprentice witch who leaves her parents' home in Yokohama in pursuit of knowledge and training. Along with her companion Chito, a black cat familiar, they embark on a journey to Aomori, a region favored by witches due to its abundance of nature and affinity with magic. They begin their new life by living with Makoto's second cousins, Kei Kuramoto and his little sister Chinatsu.While Makoto may seem to be attending high school like any other teenager, her whimsical and eccentric involvement with witchcraft sets her apart from others her age. From her encounter with an anthropomorphic dog fortune teller to the peculiar magic training she receives from her older sister Akane, Makoto's peaceful everyday life is filled with the idiosyncrasies of witchcraft that she shares with her friends and family.
 CG short specials of Flying Witch bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes and posted on the official YouTube channel of distributor VAP.
 Folklore, myth, legend, and festival origin stories from across Japan. (AKA
 Folktales from Japan Season 2
 Naota is a normal Japanese 6th grade boy (although a little cynical), but when his older brother leaves for America to play baseball, his brother leaves his homeless 17 year old girlfriend Mamimi behind. Mamimi is sending mixed signals and advances to Naota, and he doesn’t know what to do about her. But to make matters worse, Naota’s world is totally turned upside down when he is run over by a woman on a Vespa.During their first encounter, she hits him over the head with her guitar, which then causes a horn to grow out of his forehead. She calls herself “Haruko” and her presence changes Naota’s life to even further insanity.
 After a childhood full of school transfers, Hasekura Kouhei’s parents finally send him to a traditionally-Christian boarding school so he won’t have to move with them. Finally free to have the calm and uninterrupted school life he’s always wanted, he instead find himself busy with a swarm of idiosyncratic friends.
 After the school festival, Kohei and friends head to a small cottage out of town and enjoy themselves after working hard.
 Our story is set in another world, parallel to ours. We meet Pastel, an orphan girl, 18 years old, who lives with a group of adventurers in a small house. Pastel works as a writer and also a "mapper", charting towns, the countryside, rivers and mountains with sketches and illustrations.She is highly respected by her friends as her intelligence and honesty are extraordinary. Living in the house with Pastel, we meet Clay, a young swordsman; Trapp, the son of a bandit chieftain; Kitton, literally a working dictionary and a descendant of the Family Kittons; Knoll, a big guy a with tender heart; Whitey, a baby dragon; and Rumy, an infant sorcerer of the tribe "Elf." Together this odd group become involved in many mysterious adventures from treasure hunting, to searching for a missing person, to challenging a riddle, to many more unexpected quests.
 The protagonist Bai Yue-Chu, searches for a bride in order to foil the plans of his family when suddenly a fox youkai falls through the roof.
 The story takes place in an island, where a “Fractale System” is beginning to collapse. One day, Crane finds an injured girl called Phryne under a cliff. She disappears leaving a pendant. Crane sets out for a journey with the girl-shaped avatar Nessa to look for Phryne and discovers the secret of the Fractale System.
 The story takes place on an island, where a "Fractale System" is beginning to collapse. One day, Clain finds an injured girl called Phryne under a cliff. She disappears leaving a pendant. Clain sets out for a journey with the girl-shaped avatar Nessa to look for Phryne and discovers the secret of the Fractale System.
 Misuzu Moritani is an introvert who has always had difficulty interacting with her classmates, quickly becoming flustered whenever someone tries to talk to her. Sometimes, she will use her ability to stop time for three minutes to escape troublesome social situations.One day, as Misuzu watches the suspended environment around her, she observes that her classmate, Haruka Murakami, is somehow able to move despite her temporal influence. From that moment on, Misuzu experiences new wonders as she explores more of the world she has long avoided; no matter where time may take her, Misuzu can count on Haruka to always be at her side.
 Based on Kotobukiya's Frame Arms Girl model kit line. The anime will focus on Gourai, the first model released for the line, as well as Stylet and Baselard.
 A compilation movie of the TV series containing a newly added footage.
 TV anime adaptation based on the undead idol character Francesca to promote Hokkaido, Japan.
 Welcome to Whitechapel
 Haruka Nanase has a love for water and a passion for swimming. In elementary school, he competed in and won a relay race with his three friends Rin Matsuoka, Nagisa Hazuki, and Makoto Tachibana. After claiming victory at the tournament, the four friends went their separate ways. Years later, they reunite as high school students; however, Rin couldn't care less about returning to the way things used to be. Not only does he attend a different school, but the sole thing important to him is proving that he is a better swimmer than Haruka.After the bitter reunion, Haruka, Nagisa, and Makoto decide to form the Iwatobi High School Swim Club, but they will need a fourth member if they hope to take part in the upcoming tournament. Enter Rei Ryuugazaki, a former member of the track team whom Nagisa recruits. As the time to compete draws near, the four develop a close bond while training intensely to come out on top and settle things between Haruka and Rin once and for all.
 In the new series, Haruka, who is attending college in Tokyo, meets Asahi again and reawakens his memories from his middle school years, including those of Ikuya. Makoto is working toward a new dream while he is in Tokyo together with Haruka. Rin has an unexpected meeting in Sydney. As they await their new futures, will they see a new fight ahead? Or will they instead confront the past they left behind?
 The Iwatobi Swim Club returns! As their third year begins, Haruka, Makoto and Rin are still swimming strong, but choosing plans for their futures loom, and as friends both new and old make their way into the picture, rivalries will take root once again. Will the team make it out stronger than before or sink under pressure?
 Unaired episoded included with volume 7 of the Blu-ray/DVD.
 Haruka Nanase has reconciled with his rival Rin Matsuoka, and they have re-established their friendship, determined to race each other again. Now Haruka, along with Makoto Tachibana, Rei Ryuugazaki, and Nagisa Hazuki, prepare for their upcoming tournaments, determined to compete wholeheartedly and achieve victory as a team. At Samezuka Academy, Rin resolves to do the same.Further, the seniors near graduation, and Rin has decided his future plans. However, Haruka and Makoto remain uncertain, and they begin to feel the pressure of having to choose their own paths.
 Haruka Nanase has reconciled with his rival Rin Matsuoka, and they have re-established their friendship, determined to race each other again. Now Haruka, along with Makoto Tachibana, Rei Ryuugazaki, and Nagisa Hazuki, prepare for their upcoming tournaments, determined to compete wholeheartedly and achieve victory as a team. At Samezuka Academy, Rin resolves to do the same.Further, the seniors near graduation, and Rin has decided his future plans. However, Haruka and Makoto remain uncertain, and they begin to feel the pressure of having to choose their own paths.
 Rin Matsuoka’s childhood friend, Sousuke Yamazaki, has recently transferred to Samezuka Academy. Upon their reunion, the two reminisce about their childhood days and reaffirm their wish to swim together. Now with Rin, Sousuke, Captain Mikoshiba’s younger brother Momotarou Mikoshiba, and hard-working Aiichirou Nitori, the Samezuka relay team is formed, and their friendship deepens. However, as tournaments, races, and training go on, the reason for Sousuke’s sudden return begins to trouble him and affect his swimming. Noticing Sousuke’s change, Rin pushes to uncover what is holding him back.
 Rin Matsuoka’s childhood friend, Sousuke Yamazaki, has recently transferred to Samezuka Academy. Upon their reunion, the two reminisce about their childhood days and reaffirm their wish to swim together. Now with Rin, Sousuke, Captain Mikoshiba’s younger brother Momotarou Mikoshiba, and hard-working Aiichirou Nitori, the Samezuka relay team is formed, and their friendship deepens. However, as tournaments, races, and training go on, the reason for Sousuke’s sudden return begins to trouble him and affect his swimming. Noticing Sousuke’s change, Rin pushes to uncover what is holding him back.
 Recap of the Free!
 Sequel film to Free! Dive to the Future.
 The second part of the Free! The Final Stroke movies.
 The story revolves around Haruka Nanase, a boy who has always loved to be immersed in water, and to swim in it. Before graduating from elementary school, he participated in a swimming tournament along with his fellow swimming club members, Makoto Tachibana, Nagisa Hazuki, and Rin Matsuoka. After achieving victory, each of the boys went their separate ways.Time passed, and in the middle of their uneventful high school lives Rin appears and challenges Haruka to a match, showing Haruka his overwhelming power. Not wanting it to end like this, Haruka, gathers together Makoto and Nagisa once again and brings a new member named Rei Ryugazaki to create the Iwatobi High School Swimming Club in order to defeat Rin.
 Free! 3rd Season


 Even though it has been a year since the Iwatobi High School Swim Club has been created, new members have yet to join the club. Now that Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana are senior students, along with their younger friends Nagisa Hazuki and Rei Ryuugazaki, they have to find a way to attract new members. If not, the club will be forced to close the following year due to a lack of membership.Meanwhile, with impending graduation, it is also time for the seniors to decide their plans for the future. Unlike their friend Rin Matsuoka, the new captain of Samezuka Academy Swim Club who is determined to fulfill his dream of being a professional swimmer, Haruka and Makoto are unsure about what career path they want to take.Further problems arise when an old friend of Rin's, Sousuke Yamazaki, comes to the city to study at Samezuka Academy; the recently scouted swimmer's arrival causes tension in the relationship among him, Rin, and Haruka.
 The single film is composed of 4 short stories that take place in March as Haruka is about to graduate from high school.
 2017
 The story revolves around Haruka Nanase, a boy who has always loved to be immersed in water, and to swim in it. Before graduating from elementary school, he participated in a swimming tournament along with his fellow swimming club members, Makoto Tachibana, Nagisa Hazuki, and Rin Matsuoka.After achieving victory, each of the boys went their separate ways. Time passed, and in the middle of their uneventful high school lives Rin appears and challenges Haruka to a match, showing Haruka his overwhelming power. Not wanting it to end like this, Haruka, gathers together Makoto and Nagisa once again and brings a new member named Rei Ryugazaki to create the Iwatobi High School Swimming Club in order to defeat Rin.
 Set in a slightly futuristic world where Earth has been invaded and is at war with aliens from another dimension called the Nova, the story follows the adventures of a Japanese boy named Kazuya Aoi who enrolls for training at a special school for genetically modified girls called Pandoras who battle the aliens, and their male partners, called Limiters, who use a special power called "freezing" to limit their opponent's mobility. The protagonist makes the acquaintance of an unusual older girl named Satellizer el Bridget who appears to be the most powerful Pandora in her class, but has not yet chosen a male partner to be her Limiter, and in spite of the warnings of all his friends, he decides to be her Limiter.
 These episodes focus on ecchi and comedy and don't have anything to do with the main story of Freezing.
 These episodes focus on ecchi and comedy and don't have anything to do with the main story of Freezing.
 Second season of Freezing. Ever since the 10th NOVA clash, the Chevalier had concluded that the NOVA have been appearing at a steadier rate and they are losing more Pandoras than they can produce. Their solution is the E-Pandora Project which involves normal humans being given the power to become Pandoras. Inviting Pandora from around the world to their Alaskan base witness the unveiling of their new project, Satellizer, Kazuya and Rana are among those who have been summoned. However, as time goes the E-Pandora Project starts to become fishier and the Pandoras start to grow more and more concerned...
 Second season of Freezing. Ever since the 10th NOVA clash, the Chevalier had concluded that the NOVA have been appearing at a steadier rate and they are losing more Pandoras than they can produce. Their solution is the E-Pandora Project which involves normal humans being given the power to become Pandoras. Inviting Pandora from around the world to their Alaskan base witness the unveiling of their new project, Satellizer, Kazuya and Rana are among those who have been summoned. However, as time goes the E-Pandora Project starts to become fishier and the Pandoras start to grow more and more concerned...
 Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of Freezing Vibration.
 Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of Freezing Vibration.
 Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit “Trinity” and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them.
 After resolving the problems in the Labyrinth Kingdom, Love Momozono and her friends live a happy life and continue their dance training. Suddenly, the town children's toys start to go missing and the girls agree to help find them. Love Momozono's stuffed rabbit then comes to life and tells the Cures that the Toymajin is responsible. The Fresh Pretty Cure cast then travel to the Kingdom of Toys to save the day!

 After a family tragedy turns her life upside down, 16-year-old high schooler Tooru Honda takes matters into her own hands and moves out... into a tent! Unfortunately for her, she pitches her new home on private land belonging to the mysterious Souma clan, and it isn't long before the owners discover her secret. But, as Tooru quickly finds out when the family offers to take her in, the Soumas have a secret of their own‚ when hugged by the opposite sex, they turn into the animals of the Chinese Zodiac!
 After a family tragedy turns her life upside down, 16-year-old high schooler Tooru Honda takes matters into her own hands and moves out... into a tent! Unfortunately for her, she pitches her new home on private land belonging to the mysterious Souma clan, and it isn't long before the owners discover her secret. But, as Tooru quickly finds out when the family offers to take her in, the Soumas have a secret of their own‚ when hugged by the opposite sex, they turn into the animals of the Chinese Zodiac!
 After the accident in which she lost her mother, 16-year-old Tooru moves in with her grandfather, but due to his home being renovated, is unable to continue living with him. Claiming she will find someone to stay with but also fearing the criticism of her family and not wanting to burden any of her friends, Tooru resorts to secretly living on her own in a tent in the woods.One night on her way back from work, she finds her tent buried underneath a landslide. Yuki Souma, the "prince" of her school, and his cousin Shigure Souma, a famous author, stumble across Tooru's situation and invite her to stay with them until her grandfather’s home renovations are complete.Upon arriving at the Souma house, Tooru discovers their secret
 The film will serve as an omnibus to the three-season anime series, including the Kyouko to Katsuya no Monogatari (The Story of Kyouko and Katsuya) prequel, as well as new scenes written by the original creator Natsuki Takaya taking place after the television anim
 Final season of Fruits Basket.
 Final season of Fruits Basket.


 Sakaguchi is a high school boy and also a "fudanshi" who loves boys-love stories. He hangs out with his friends, a fujoshi named Rumi, his gay friend Yuujirou, fellow fudanshi Daigo, and his "normal" friend Nakamura.
 Daisuke Kanbe, a detective with extraordinary assets, is assigned to the Modern Crime Prevention Headquarters, where only those who have caused problems for the Metropolitan Police Department are sent. There, Daisuke is partnered with Haru Katou. Haru is repulsed by Daisuke's material ways, believing that money isn't everything. Challenging mysteries unfold in front of the two detectives, and they must work together to solve them.
 Daisuke Kanbe, a detective with extraordinary assets, is assigned to the Modern Crime Prevention Headquarters, where only those who have caused problems for the Metropolitan Police Department are sent. There, Daisuke is partnered with Haru Katou. Haru is repulsed by Daisuke's material ways, believing that money isn't everything. Challenging mysteries unfold in front of the two detectives, and they must work together to solve them.
 Based on the horror novel by Fujio (A) Fujiko.
 Ashiya has spent the first seven days of high school stuck in the infirmary because of a youkai attaching itself to him. He ends up asking the owner of a small tea room called the "Mononokean" for help. This is a tale involving the very morose owner of Mononokean guiding the youkai that happened to wander into this world go to the next world.
 Second season of Fukigen na Mononokean.
 Second season of Fukigen na Mononokean.
 Nino, a girl who likes to sing, experienced two farewells in the past. First, with her first love, Momo, and second, with Yuzu, a boy who composes music. But upon those two farewells, she made a promise with each of them
 Several short animated mini-stories based on the short stories and four-panel manga of Keiko Fukuyama, including My Father the Mouse, The Rabbit Brothers, Summer Secret, The Mysterious Fairy, How Very Strange, and Kuro.
 Sousuke Sagara, a seventeen year old military specialist working for the secret organization MITHRIL, has been assigned to protect the latest “Whispered” candidate Kaname Chidori. To complete this task Sousuke will have to deal with enemies from his past as well as the occasional panty thief. Unfortunately for Sousuke, the toughest part of his mission isn’t only protecting Miss Chidori but also getting used to living an average High School students life, no easy task for someone raised on the battlefield.
 Sousuke Sagara, a seventeen year old military specialist working for the secret organization MITHRIL, has been assigned to protect the latest “Whispered” candidate Kaname Chidori. To complete this task Sousuke will have to deal with enemies from his past as well as the occasional panty thief. Unfortunately for Sousuke, the toughest part of his mission isn’t only protecting Miss Chidori but also getting used to living an average High School students life, no easy task for someone raised on the battlefield.
 Sousuke Sagara, a seventeen year old military specialist working for the secret organization MITHRIL, has been assigned to protect the latest “Whispered” candidate Kaname Chidori. To complete this task Sousuke will have to deal with enemies from his past as well as the occasional panty thief. Unfortunately for Sousuke, the toughest part of his mission isn’t only protecting Miss Chidori but also getting used to living an average High School students life, no easy task for someone raised on the battlefield.
 Full Metal Panic! 4th Season.
 The story picks up after The Second Raid as Amalgam's fight against Mithril heats up.
 Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.
 Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.
 Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage.
 This series is set about two months after the events ocurred in the Tuatha de Danaan at the end of the original series. Mithril becomes aware of a secret organization that has technology able to counter the ECS (Electronic Cloaking System) mode. This organization, known as Amalgam, also has "Black Technology," obtained from "Whispered" like Kaname Chidori, and like the other intelligence agencies, they intend to obtain more; however, when Sousuke's mission to protect Chidori is terminated by Mithril, all seems to be in place for Amalgam's plans...
 On her day off, Tessa wakes up in her commander chair. After regaining her composure, she notices that her favorite stuffed animal is missing and thus tries to remember what actually transpired the night before. To do so, she will spend time with all the main characters of the Danaan crew, and eventually recalls the events of the previous night.
 On her day off, Tessa wakes up in her commander chair. After regaining her composure, she notices that her favorite stuffed animal is missing and thus tries to remember what actually transpired the night before. To do so, she will spend time with all the main characters of the Danaan crew, and eventually recalls the events of the previous night.
 Twelve-year-old Kouyama Mitsuki was devastated when she was diagnosed with a malignant tumor of the throat. She had made a promise to the boy she loves that she would one day become a singer, but her illness made singing impossible. To make matters even worse, two angels of death, Takuto and Meroko, appeared to Mitsuki and informed her that she only had one year left to live.This news provides an even greater motivation for Mitsuki to fulfill her dreams, and with a little bit of divine intervention, she begins her quest to become a professional singer so she can be reunited with Eichi before time runs out
 Two years ago, Mitsuki Kouyama's friend, Eichi Sakurai, moved to America before she could confess her feelings to him. Though she cannot contact him, they made a promise to fulfill their respective dreams
 After losing their mother, Alphonse and Edward Elric attempt to bring her back using the forbidden science of human alchemy. However, alchemy operates on the theory of equivalent trade, and breaking the human alchemy taboo carries a heavy price. Ed loses his leg, and Al loses his body. Ed is able to seal Al’s soul inside of a huge suit of armor, at the cost of his arm. Years later, Ed (now with two mechanical limbs) and Al (still trapped in the armor) leave their childhood home, each brother concerned with the other’s happiness.Ed, who has a natural talent and skill for alchemy, becomes nationally certified and is soon known everywhere as the “Fullmetal Alchemist.” Their true objective is to search for any information on the fabled Philosopher’s Stone, hoping it will allow them to regain their old bodies. All of their hopes rest with this mythical stone, which may not even exist at all. However, the brothers soon learn that they are not the only ones after the powerful stone.
 Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life
 The DVD/Blu-ray Disc of “Fullmetal Alchemist
 Short specials from the DVDs/BDs.
 Short specials from the DVDs/BDs.
 Amazing secrets and startling facts are exposed for the first time in the Fullmetal Alchemist
 Amazing secrets and startling facts are exposed for the first time in the Fullmetal Alchemist
 1. State Alchemists vs Seven Homunculi
 2006
 1. State Alchemists vs Seven Homunculi
 2005
 In desperation, Edward Elric sacrificed his body and soul to rescue his brother Alphonse, and is now displaced in the heart of Munich, Germany. He struggles to adapt to a world completely foreign to him in the wake of the economic crisis that followed the end of World War I. Isolated and unable to return home with his alchemy skills, Edward continues to research other methods of escaping the prison alongside colleagues who bear striking resemblances to many of the people he left behind. As dissent brews among the German citizenry, its neighbors also feel the unrest of the humiliated nation.Meanwhile, Alphonse continues to investigate Edward's disappearance, delving into the science of alchemy in the hopes of finally reuniting with his older brother.
 In desperation, Edward Elric sacrificed his body and soul to rescue his brother Alphonse, and is now displaced in the heart of Munich, Germany. He struggles to adapt to a world completely foreign to him in the wake of the economic crisis that followed the end of World War I. Isolated and unable to return home with his alchemy skills, Edward continues to research other methods of escaping the prison alongside colleagues who bear striking resemblances to many of the people he left behind. As dissent brews among the German citizenry, its neighbors also feel the unrest of the humiliated nation.Meanwhile, Alphonse continues to investigate Edward's disappearance, delving into the science of alchemy in the hopes of finally reuniting with his older brother.
 After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people.
 Hakuo Gakuin is on the verge of closing down due to students transferring to rival school Seishikan after mysterious injuries happening to students who refuse to transfer. To protect the school and its students they hire Kojiro, a member of the Fuma clan of ninjas. After finding out that Seishikan has enlisted the help of the Yasha ninja clan, who had been rivals with the Fuma for generations, Kojiro gains the help of his fellow Fuma ninjas. Even though they are hired to protect the schools, the two rival clans vow to destroy each other once and for all so that only one clan remains.
 It, a mysterious immortal being, is sent to the Earth with no emotions nor identity. However, It is able to take the shape of those around that have a strong impetus.At first, It is a sphere. Then, It imitates the form of a rock. As the temperature drops and snow falls atop the moss, It inherits the moss. When an injured, lone wolf comes limping by and lays down to die, It takes on the form of the animal. Finally, It gains consciousness and begins to traverse the empty tundra until It meets a boy.The boy lives alone in a ghost town, which the adults abandoned long ago in search of the paradise said to exist far beyond the endless sea of white tundra. However, their efforts were for naught, and now the boy is in a critical state.Acquiring the form of the boy, It sets off on a never-ending journey, in search of new experiences, places, and people.
 Second season of Fumetsu no Anata e.

 The omnibus manga tells a series of short stories about conversations young women have while waiting at railroad crossings.
 The publication of a new dictionary titled The Great Passage progresses. Mitsuya Majime, originally from publisher Genbu Shobo's sales department, has been recruited by Kouhei Araki, a veteran editor of the dictionary department who is looking to retire soon. The dictionary department is known internally as the "money-eating insect," but Mitsuya uses his perseverance and attachment to the words in order to become a great editor. Mitsuya, who has poor social skills, finds himself working with another man named Masashi Nishioka, who is able to express himself better.
 In Kyokutei Bakin's classic Japanese epic novel Nansou Satomi Hakkenden, eight samurai serve the Satomi clan during Japan's tumultuous Sengoku (Warring States) era. The Edo-era samurai are the reincarnations of the spirits that Princess Fuse mothered with a dog named Yatsufusa. In Fuse Gansaku
 Zenitendo is a mysterious candy store that only lucky people can reach. All the candy recommended by Beniko, the owner of the store, is perfectly suited to the buyer's troubles. However, it depends on whether the candy will be used or eaten correctly that it can bring happiness or misfortune.
 In a small town, there is a small pharmacy called Fun Fun Parmacy. Popuri, a girl who recently moved in downtown, discovers this pharmacy and meets Miss Fukiko, who is actually a witch. Miss Fukiko gives Popuri a mysterious bottle that can create magic spirits.
 One day, Sandy's father, Prof. Brown, sends her a stuffed koala doll from one of his trips. Sandy discovers that, after rubbing the koala's nose, he comes alive. His name is Blinky and he is from the magical "down under" Koalawalla Land. They are soon joined by his little sister, Pinky. Adventures ensue in both Sandy's world and Koalawalla land. Among the characters met are 2 men after the "magical talking bear", a lizard that bounces back and forth from the magical realm and the real realm, and kangaroo police officers.
 After nine-year-old Melmo loses her mother in a car accident, she is left to care for her two younger brothers, a task far beyond her age or means. However, in the midst of her grieving, Melmo is visited by the ghost of her deceased mother who gives her a bottle of miraculous candy, capable of transforming her into either an adult (blue candy) or an infant (red candy). A combination of the two can reduce her to a fetus and then change her into any animal she imagines. Drawing on a seemingly inexhaustable supply, Melmo uses her candies to solve the various problems thrown her way, aided by her younger brother Toto (who accidentally morphs into a frog in episode 7) and her cantankerous mentor, Dr Nosehairs.
 The story follows the everyday life of Somera Nonomoto who can use the strongest kenpo, Nonomoto Mahou-ken, which is inherited from her mother with her younger sister Kukuru.
 Miaka Yuuki, an average middle school student caught up in studying for exams, is sucked into an ancient Chinese novel titled “The Universe of Four Gods”. There she discovers that she is in an ancient country in what is now China, Konan, and is to be the Priestess of one of the four gods, Suzaku. As the priestess, her duty is to gather the Seven Seishi of Suzaku, who are to be her protectors. Once they are gathered, the priestess will summon the god Suzaku and bring peace between the warring lands, Konan and Kutou. But it’s harder than it seems. Along the road, many hardships are faced, as Miaka’s best friend Yui Hongo enters the book and becomes her rival, the priestess of Seiryuu in the land of Kutou. Who summons their god first is up to the courage and skill of the priestesses and their seishi, as they meet triumphs and tragedies along the way.
 While visiting the National Library, junior-high students Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo are transported into the world of a mysterious book set in ancient China, "The Universe of The Four Gods." Miaka suddenly finds herself with the responsibility of being the priestess of Suzaku, and must find all of her celestial warriors for the purpose of summoning Suzaku for three wishes; however, the enemy nation of the god Seiryuu has manipulated Yui into becoming the priestess of Seiryuu. As enemies, the former best friends begin their long struggle to summon their respective gods and obtain their wishes...
 A year after the events of Fushigi Yuugi, Tamahome is pulled back into the book and is sent on a complicated ride through illusion, confusion, and betrayal. Meanwhile, Yui is acting oddly and Miaka is heartbroken over the loss of Tamahome, while Keisuke and Tetsuya try to discover what is going on with the book.
 Miaka Yuuki, an average middle school student caught up in studying for exams, is sucked into an ancient Chinese novel titled “The Universe of Four Gods”. There she discovers that she is in an ancient country in what is now China, Konan, and is to be the Priestess of one of the four gods, Suzaku. As the priestess, her duty is to gather the Seven Seishi of Suzaku, who are to be her protectors. Once they are gathered, the priestess will summon the god Suzaku and bring peace between the warring lands, Konan and Kutou. But it’s harder than it seems. Along the road, many hardships are faced, as Miaka’s best friend Yui Hongo enters the book and becomes her rival, the priestess of Seiryuu in the land of Kutou. Who summons their god first is up to the courage and skill of the priestesses and their seishi, as they meet triumphs and tragedies along the way.
 Miaka Yuuki, an average middle school student caught up in studying for exams, is sucked into an ancient Chinese novel titled “The Universe of Four Gods”. There she discovers that she is in an ancient country in what is now China, Konan, and is to be the Priestess of one of the four gods, Suzaku. As the priestess, her duty is to gather the Seven Seishi of Suzaku, who are to be her protectors. Once they are gathered, the priestess will summon the god Suzaku and bring peace between the warring lands, Konan and Kutou. But it’s harder than it seems. Along the road, many hardships are faced, as Miaka’s best friend Yui Hongo enters the book and becomes her rival, the priestess of Seiryuu in the land of Kutou. Who summons their god first is up to the courage and skill of the priestesses and their seishi, as they meet triumphs and tragedies along the way.
 Miaka and Taka (Tamahome's reborn out-of-the-book self) return to the Universe of the Four Gods to try and restore Tamahome's memories to Taka. This is not as easy as it sounds, however, when the evil Tenkou shows up to rain on their parade. He manages to thwart most of their attempts at getting Taka's memories back, and uses his newfound power to summon the Gods outside the book.
 Miaka Yuuki, an average middle school student caught up in studying for exams, is sucked into an ancient Chinese novel titled “The Universe of Four Gods”. There she discovers that she is in an ancient country in what is now China, Konan, and is to be the Priestess of one of the four gods, Suzaku. As the priestess, her duty is to gather the Seven Seishi of Suzaku, who are to be her protectors. Once they are gathered, the priestess will summon the god Suzaku and bring peace between the warring lands, Konan and Kutou. But it’s harder than it seems. Along the road, many hardships are faced, as Miaka’s best friend Yui Hongo enters the book and becomes her rival, the priestess of Seiryuu in the land of Kutou. Who summons their god first is up to the courage and skill of the priestesses and their seishi, as they meet triumphs and tragedies along the way.
 Taka (technically Tamahome) and Miaka are now happily married and only six months before their new family would be born, but an obessed girl named Mayo would do anything to make Taka hers. She enters the world of the Four Gods, determined to win Taka's heart and be the new priestess.
 In the hollow Mysterious Planet, seven kingdoms co-exist, all of them lit by the Sun’s Blessing from the Kingdom of the Sun, in the middle of the planet. The light of the core sun is necessary for the continued existence of all the kingdoms. Yet, something is causing the Sun’s Blessing to weaken. If something isn’t done, it will be the end of life in the Mysterious Planet. Fortunately, the twin princesses of the Sun Kingdom, Fine and Rain, have been endowed with the magic of the Prominence, and are looking for a way to fix things.
 Fine and Rein are sent to the Royal Wonder Academy on the Royal Wonder Planet in order to study to become better princesses. They plan to make many friends, but unfortunately, the competition and cold nature of the students and teachers make things impossible. The twins also become Universal Princesses when touching the legendary Soleil Bell, releasing two angels named Pyupyu and Kyukyu to help aid them. Unfortunately, an evil force manifested in a painting doesn't seem to be satisfied about the Universal Princesses...
 An alternative series to Futakoi, where alternative is not quite the right word. Besides maybe parts of the setting, it’s completely different. There’s Rentarou, a 21 year old good for nothing dropped out of college guy, who calls himself a private detective. And there are the Shirogane Twins from the first Futakoi series, Sara and Souju who kind of “work” as his assistants. This is where the action, comedy and misadventures start and lead our trio from one pinch into the next.
 Futarigurashi follows an aspiring erotic mangaka named Kenji Aoyama. In order to pay rent his friend's younger brother, Hikari Satou, offers to become his roommate. However it turns out that "he" in almost every way is a girl! The series revolves around Kenji and Hikari getting involved with various women.
 Joe Yuki, one of the coolest DJs in Shibuya, has a secret identity as the leader of gangs. Because of his traumatic childhood, he fiercely hates "weaklings" and sees winning as his only option in life. One night, an old man is being taunted by the kid known as "the human punching bag." The old man reminds Joe of his parents and childhood, and he uncontrollably challenges the kid to a fight. A fight in which he's defeated, and his pride is utterly shattered into pieces.
 Joe Yuki, one of the coolest DJs in Shibuya, has a secret identity as the leader of gangs. Because of his traumatic childhood, he fiercely hates "weaklings" and sees winning as his only option in life. One night, an old man is being taunted by the kid known as "the human punching bag." The old man reminds Joe of his parents and childhood, and he uncontrollably challenges the kid to a fight. A fight in which he's defeated, and his pride is utterly shattered into pieces.
 Third Season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes. Two years after the events of Dai 2 Maku, Milky Holmes has recovered their Toys and managed to capture most of the phantom thieves in Yokohama, bringing the city a time of peace. The Phantom Thief Empire has not been seen for the past 2 years, and all of G4 except for Kokoro have been put on desk jobs.However, this peace is broken by a new group of phantom thieves, Color The Phantom, who declare war on the detectives of Yokohama. Two detective academy students, Kazumi and Alice, form a detective team to combat Color The Phantom. They call themselves the Feathers and dream of one day becoming great detectives like Milky Holmes.
 Futari wa Precure protagonists Nagisa Misumi and Honoka Yukishiro are about as different as two people can get. Nagisa is the captain of the lacrosse team, a lover of food, and a hater of homework. Honoka loves to learn, working with the science club and earning the nickname "The Queen of Knowledge" from her fellow classmates. Their lives are unconnected until one day, when a mysterious star shower unites them.Nagisa and Honoka meet Mipple and Mepple, two residents of the Garden of Light. Their homeland has been conquered by the evil forces of the Dark Zone who now have their sights set on the Garden of Rainbows
 The Courageous Warriors of the Garden of Hope have summoned Nagisa, Honoka, and Hikari to protect their kingdom from a witch who plans to steal the Diamond Line, which is a set of jewelry the queen of the Garden of Hope wears to a ceremony every year to replenish the water of the kingdom. The witch plans to resurrect the Dark Lord and if she does so, not only will the Garden of Hope be destroyed, but other kingdoms in the galaxies, including the Garden of Rainbows and the Garden of Light.
 On his way to visit the Queen of the Garden of Light, the Sage of the Garden of Clouds accidentally drops the egg of the Houhou. The egg lands in the Garden of Rainbows, where it is found by Hikari, attracting the attention of a powerful pair of servants of the Dark Lord.

 On their way to a singing contest, Mai and Saki meet a mysterious man looking for the oldest clock in town. It turns out that this clock is a portal to the World of Clocks, and the mysterious man is a servant of Dark Fall who wants to stop time to destroy the world. With the help of the clock spirits, Pretty Cure must fight to escape his perfect maze and start time flowing again. Takes place during the second half of Futari wa Precure Splash?Star.
 Futatsu no Kurumi is a short story following 12-year-old Ayaka as she is teleported back in time to the fire bombing of Tokyo in 1945 and covers her experiences in this very different and unfamiliar environment. (from saizen-fansubs)
 When Kamogawa Asumi was just a baby, her mother was grievously injured when a rocket crashed to the ground. Five years later, having been in a coma all the time, Asumi's mother finally dies, and the little girl struggles to come to terms with the death of a mother she barely remembers. In the midst of her turmoil, she meets "Lion-san," a strange figure wearing a lion mask and claiming to be a ghost. Lion-san helps Asumi to bury her mother's ashes, and finally, Asumi reaches her own decision
 "You have to get stronger! You're still so weak!"That's what the Deaf Grandma has been telling Li Qingniu ever since he could remember. In the village, he can't outrun the Gimpy Grandpa, can't distill medicine as well as the Quack, and can't even beat the Black Bull at the village entrance. Only until he left the village did he find out that nobody on the outside is as strong as him... He will journey to find a real hero, he will find a way to become strong enough to satisfy the Deaf Grandma!
 Kikuru Madan, is a monster hunter with excellent performance, because of his particular job in the forest, but he decided to quit it because of fear wasting his own youth...
 Kikuru Madan, is a monster hunter with excellent performance, because of his particular job in the forest, but he decided to quit it because of fear wasting his own youth...
 New short anime focusing on all the different members of futsal teams. Included in the 6th Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime.
 Unaired episode titled "Nagarekawa, Annai Shite Mita." bundled with the Volume 1 Blu-ray/DVD.
 High school girl Nanako became her town's local idol after being requested to do so by her uncle. Together with her upperclassman Yukari, a girl who seems perfect but is actually quite airheaded, as local idols, they get interviewed (by the town's shopping centre), go on television (low-budget cable), and do concerts (on the roof of the department store). The girls' salaries come from the town's taxes.
 Based on The Incredible Tide by Alexander Key. Post nuclear future. Earth has been almost completely submerged by oceans. Indastria, an hyper-technological isle, is the new world capital. Conan is the only survived boy in the attempt of a bunch of austronauts to escape the earth when nuke bombs were falling. He will meet a girl named Lana (Italian name), and when she will be kidnapped by Indastria’s soldiers, he’ll go and try to rescue her.
 Adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game.
 An adaptation of the Future Card Buddyfight card game.Future Card Buddyfight takes place in a more futuristic version of today. The card game connects to a parallel universe through special cards (Buddy Rare Cards) that act as portals. They bring monsters to Earth in order for them to become buddies with humans. Through friendship and courage, they take on and fight challenges, known as Buddyfights, where people of all ages have friendly non-hurtful competitions. The main character, Gaou Mikado has just started Buddyfighting. As the story progresses, Buddyfights are seeming to become a little too real...
 Second season of Future Card Buddyfight
 While Tasuku is off training and getting rest in the world of the monsters, the Buddy Police sees the need to deputize some of the champions to help protect the Earth. Gao, Tetsuya, and Zanya Kisaragi are among those deputized, and it's just in time. A new enemy arrives, Ikazuchi, with the deadly 100 demons, all rogue monsters. Now the new trainees and the Great 8 monsters must fight to protect Earth from being consumed by these new rogues.
 New Future Card Buddyfight season
 The sixth season of Future Card Buddyfight featuring Gao Mikado's son.
 The fourth season of Future Card Buddyfight.
 The fourth season of Future Card Buddyfight.

 Third season of Future Card Buddyfight.
 14-year-old Kazami Hayato is the youngest driver of Cyber Formula, a Grand Prix in which each vehicle is equipped with computers to aid in racing. With the help of Asurada, the most advanced cybernavigation system, and team Sugo, Hayato races to become the winner of the 10th Cyber Formula Grand Prix. Along the way, Hayato will have to learn what it truly means to be a racer and that victory cannot be achieved simply by driving the best machine. In addition, Kazami will have to gain the respect of the veteran racers, thwart those who attempt to steal Asurada, and participate in races outside of Cyber Formula.
 It is now time for the 11th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix. With all the expectations and pressures placed upon him, Hayato Kazami struggles to regain the championship form that he had a year ago. Moreover, Osamu Sugo, aka Knight Schumacher, has reentered the competition, and declared Hayato to be an enemy. Hayato, with the new Super Asurada AKF-11, must now defeat someone he once deeply trusted in order to secure his second championship.
 After his disappointing loss in the last round of the 14th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix, which causes him the championship, Hayato Kazami decides that he needs a change and switches over to the Sugo Garland SF-03 for the 15th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix while he waits for the newest Asurada design. However, his hope to make up for the past year's letdown is made difficult when Aoi ZIP Formula undergoes a major restructuring and brings in Kyoshiro Nagumo as the new president of the team. The new car that he brought to the team, driven by newcomer Phil Fritz, is seemingly unbeatable...
 After Aoi Zip Formula was banned for one year from Cyber Formula racing due to cheating, Jotaro Kaga, alias Bleed Kaga, returns for the 17th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix. However his old car is no match for the returning champion Hayato Kazami, whose skill has improved tremendously, and his Nu-Asurada AKF-0. An old face, Kyoshiro Nagumo, appears suddenly to him and offers him the Ogre AN-21
 A freak accident during the 12th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix causes Hayato Kazami to miss the rest of the season, and critically injures both his body and his will to continue racing. Hayato's longtime friend, Asuka Sugo, helps nurse him back to health, and in return he proposes to her and promises her that he would never race again. But as time goes on, Hayato begins to doubt whether he really wants to retire, and decides to make a comeback after all. And with the 13th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix now underway, he must struggle to regain his racing form; regain the trust of Asuka, whose promise he broke; and thwart the malicious intents of Henri Clayton. All the while, the reason behind Hayato's accident begins to unveil itself
 Future Kid Takara will be an action-packed, family-oriented film set in a dystopian future. The adventure story will feature a girl named Sara who is time warped into the year 2100, where she and the protagonist Takara try to navigate a world ravaged by the effects of global warming. Title and story subject to change
 Third-year high school student Jirou Yakuin hoped to partner with Shiori Sakurazaka of the same class in the mandatory "Couple Practical" course. In this practical, students must demonstrate that they have the necessary skillset to live with a partner of the opposite sex while presenting a certain level of harmony to the video surveillance that grades them.Unfortunately, random chance put his slightly subdued self into the practical with the person polar opposite to him, the gyaru Akari Watanabe. Akari on the other hand hoped to be paired with her crush Minami Tenjin.Their hopes are doubly dashed when they find out that Shiori and Minami are assigned together. Thus, they reluctantly decide to cooperate to reach the top ten, which would give them the right to exchange partners if both couples agree. To that end, Jirou steals Akari's first kiss without realizing what he'd done, while giving a hurried good-bye kiss...
 Third-year high school student Jirou Yakuin hoped to partner with Shiori Sakurazaka of the same class in the mandatory "Couple Practical" course. In this practical, students must demonstrate that they have the necessary skillset to live with a partner of the opposite sex while presenting a certain level of harmony to the video surveillance that grades them.Unfortunately, random chance put his slightly subdued self into the practical with the person polar opposite to him, the gyaru Akari Watanabe. Akari on the other hand hoped to be paired with her crush Minami Tenjin.Their hopes are doubly dashed when they find out that Shiori and Minami are assigned together. Thus, they reluctantly decide to cooperate to reach the top ten, which would give them the right to exchange partners if both couples agree. To that end, Jirou steals Akari's first kiss without realizing what he'd done, while giving a hurried good-bye kiss...
 Yuu Haruna just moved into town and loves to use Twitter. Out on his way to buy dinner, he bumps into a mysterious girl, Fuuka Akitsuki, who breaks his phone thinking he was trying to take a picture of her panties. How will his new life change now?
 Yuu Haruna just moved into town and loves to use Twitter. Out on his way to buy dinner, he bumps into a mysterious girl, Fuuka Akitsuki, who breaks his phone thinking he was trying to take a picture of her panties. How will his new life change now?
 After the Chaos war, Kojiro and Ryouma return to earth only to find their clan members killing off each other.
 Hakuo Gakuin used to be a prestigious high school, and famous for martial arts. However, because its rival school; Seishikan, has been cowardly luring it's superior students, Hakuo was going to decline.In order to recover from the situation, the acting principal of Hakuo; Hojo Himeko, sends Yagyu Ranko to the Fuma Village in search of the famous Fuma ninja clan for assistance. The leader of the Fuma sent Kojiro to Hakuo, there he faces the notorious Yasha clan who fights for Seishikan lead by Asuka Musashi.Soon Kojiro's comrades arrive and an all-out ninja war postponed for 500 years begins between the 2 clans. (Source
 In the late Edo period, Japan faced an unprecedented crisis with the arrival of black ships from overseas. However, Japan drove away the black ships thanks to Onigami, giant robots that have existed in Japan since the ancient times. The country has remained in self-imposed seclusion from foreigners ever since. The story begins in this Japan that never experienced the Meiji Restoration.
 Winter Days is an amazing, visually stunning collaboration of the greatest animation masters in the world joining forces to create a visual Renku, a style of poetry specific to Japan whereby composers write a poem as a group, each poet creating a different verse. Winter Days is taken from the famous Japanese poet Basho's Seven Poetry Collection, the paradigm of the sho-fu style of haiku. Led by Kihachiro Kawamoto, Japan's greatest puppet animator, thirty-five animators from Japan, China, Belgium, Czech Republic, England, Netherlands, Canada, and Russia worked tirelessly to realize Winter Days, a thirty-six part Renku opening with delicious animation seamlessly flowing from one verse to the next before taking on the form of a documentary, illustrating behind the scenes interviews with the creators. Winter Days is a visual feast for animation and poetry lovers and those who embrace alternative and innovative approaches to the Renku art form.
 After losing almost all their members the Tobita Crush Gear club is facing extinction. Kouya who dreams of being a Crush Gear Fighting Champion doesn't want to see the club become extinct and will do whatever he can to keep the club running and become a Cush Gear Champion.
 After losing almost all their members the Tobita Crush Gear club is facing extinction. Kouya who dreams of being a Crush Gear Fighting Champion doesn't want to see the club become extinct and will do whatever he can to keep the club running and become a Cush Gear Champion.
 High school student Sakura Chiyo has a crush on schoolmate Nozaki Umetarou, but when she confesses her love to him, he mistakes her for a fan and gives her an autograph. When she says that she always wants to be with him, he invites her to his house, but has her help on some drawings. Chiyo discovers that Umetarou is actually a renowned shoujo manga artist named Yumeno Sakiko, but agrees to be his assistant. As they work on his manga Let's Love, they encounter other schoolmates who assist them or serve as inspirations for characters in the stories.
 Chiyo Sakura is a cheerful high school girl who has fallen head over heels for the oblivious Umetarou Nozaki. Much to Chiyo's confusion, when she confesses to her beloved Nozaki, he hands her an unfamiliar autograph. As it turns out, the stoic teenage boy is actually a respected shoujo mangaka, publishing under the pen name Sakiko Yumeno! A series of misunderstandings leads to Chiyo becoming one of Nozaki's manga assistants.Throughout the hilarious events that ensue, she befriends many of her quirky schoolmates, including her seemingly shameless fellow assistant, Mikoto Mikoshiba, and the "Prince of the School," Yuu Kashima. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Chiyo as she strives to help Nozaki with his manga and hopes that he will eventually notice her feelings.
 Specials bundled with the DVD/BDs.
 Specials bundled with the Blu-ray/DVDs.
 Virtual Station is a laboratory with the purpose of gathering and researching DNA. With the information gained through combining old DNA elements, the ancient world was virtually reconstructed. Yui is one of the Gene Divers. She enters the virtual ancient world to collect the DNA of animals that are extinct in reality.But then an incident happens. Yui tries to leave the virtual world during a maintenance cycle, but instead of being returned to reality she is transferred to a new virtual present. In this new world, generated by the now uncontrollable system, an intelligent species evolved from rodents, called puglaistig exists. They consider the existence of humankind a serious threat and try to stop human evolution by all means.
 Unaired 14th episode of Genei wo Kakeru Taiyou, included with the 4th BD/DVD volume.
 Fuujin Year 130 (Medieval times when magic and gods were of great importance).Two years ago, the great war in the "Old Fuujin Continent" was controlled by the "Zenon Country" who possessed great power.In Randia, a small country to the south, the young prince Alfred is attacked by an assassin but gets saved by his friend Welles. The young prince was the last key to the revival of Randia... It was said that in legends the prince had the power to unleash the "Seal of Power" because of his blood relation. This brought fear upon the Zenon country and thus their attack.Welles was just another soldier, but he was also a close friend of Alfred's and they had been fighting together in the battlefield for a long time. That is why they're known as the "Galloping Winds" on the battlefield.And so, the two of them along with Welles' younger sister Teefa, are burdened with the fight for their country. Hearing that war is once again about to break out, the former loyal subject Rea also returns. As more and more people get involved in the war, the mystery of the seal unfolds...To reveal the "Blood Relation of the Prince"...
 Prologue to the second game in the Generation of Chaos RPG series. Ellile is a knight-in-training in the Kingdom of Fredbarn in the Neverland World. He and Princess Roji are secretly in love, and plan to marry. Lifile, the head of the knights, finds out, and tells Ellile that he's not strong enough to protect Roji, let alone the Kingdom. Ellile becomes frustrated, and comtemplates what to do... During the OVA, there are a few animated shorts dealing with a fourth character, Poro, her robot friend, and the GOC Next cast.
 Ryo, Gawl and Koji are 3 young boys who travel back into the past with only 1 objective
 Ryo, Gawl and Koji are 3 young boys who travel back into the past with only 1 objective
 A 15 year old boy with the ability to produce machines from his body via nanites is enlisted by the government to stop other creatures created by the same science.
 A 15 year old boy with the ability to produce machines from his body via nanites is enlisted by the government to stop other creatures created by the same science.
 A 15 year old boy with the ability to produce machines from his body via nanites is enlisted by the government to stop other creatures created by the same science.
 Plot Summary
 In the 21st century mankind was on the brink of destruction. Through genetic engineering however they eradicated such feelings as love and the desire for power. Since women are naturally less agressive than men, women to man ratio was set to 9
 Plot Summary
 After the original run of the television series, an OAV music video titled Genesis Climber Mospeada
 A collection of seven individual and unique shorts which range from touching to downright bizarre. With each story different from the last, we encounter monsters going to school, a man who has a hard time dealing with himself, and a child who learns the hard way about the circle of life, as well as many other unique characters and experiences.A journey through the minds of the most prolific artists in Japan, this compilation truly is the setting of a Genius Party.
 Based on the literary work of Shikibu Murasaki, The Tale of Genji is a story of the Emperor`s second son born by a courtier. Made a commoner, he served as a retainer to the court.
 Born from a much loved, but lowly ranked concubine, Genji Hikaru is called the Shining Prince and is the beloved second son of the Emperor. Although he cannot be an heir to the throne of his father, Genji spends his life surrounded by every pleasure and love. And yet, his one longing in love is something that even the power of an Emperor can never give him.
 Koutarou's father is trying to train his son in the art of the ninja, but a mis-hit bomb accidently damages a shrine and releases a great demon that Eldoran had been keeping contained. Eldoran manages to contain him, but one of his servants manages to escape as well, and now attempts to free his master. To stop him, Eldoran grants the three mecha Gotiger, King Elephan, and Mach Eagle to Koutarou and his two friends, as well as suits that grant each of them a special power. Miracle Ninja Ganbare Team is born!
 A recap of the first 14 episodes of Genki Bakuhatsu Ganbaruger narrated by the three protagonists.
 In the distant future, monsters and inhumans roam the land, and the ruling Evil King seeks a human woman to bear him powerful, force-adept heirs. Non offers herself to the Evil King in order to save her village from Ape Clan raiders, and gives him twin sons, Loof and Jin. She and her sons are exiled by the ungrateful villagers, however, and Non's companion Nue (a Demon Clan member changed into a wolf for disobedience) takes Loof to be raised by his father, the Evil King. The Evil One's Queen Parome despises humans, however, and her malevolence towards Loof deepens...
 In the distant future, monsters and inhumans roam the land, and the ruling Evil King seeks a human woman to bear him powerful, force-adept heirs. Non offers herself to the Evil King in order to save her village from Ape Clan raiders, and gives him twin sons, Loof and Jin. She and her sons are exiled by the ungrateful villagers, however, and Non's companion Nue (a Demon Clan member changed into a wolf for disobedience) takes Loof to be raised by his father, the Evil King. The Evil One's Queen Parome despises humans, however, and her malevolence towards Loof deepens...
 Asagiri Yohko is an ordinary high school student, and she is in love with a boy who does not know it. To help things along, she has written a song to explain how she feels but that song has quite a bit more than a couple of good bridges.Yohko learns that while she is listening to her song, she is transported to Earth's other-dimensional sister world "Ashanti." This song has the potential to open a gateway between Earth and Ashanti wide enough for a conquering force to invade and take over. And it is exactly why it was forbidden eons ago by the legendary warrior Leda who saw this coming.This Leda warrior's duty now falls to Yohko and some newfound friends to stop the onslaught and return the 2 worlds in balance.Maybe Yohko is not so ordinary after all.
 As the nations of the world begin to merge, world peace is threatened by the private armies of individual corporations. The Kuryu Group has just discovered a weapon that will tip world power in their favor. The Genocyber
 As the nations of the world begin to merge, world peace is threatened by the private armies of individual corporations. The Kuryu Group has just discovered a weapon that will tip world power in their favor. The Genocyber
 Based on Kaori Kimeki's fantasy manga serialized in "Princess" magazine.
 When Ryuu is born his tribe tries to sacrifice him to a Tyrannosaurus named Shirano because of the color of his skin. He is however saved by a monkey who raises him as her own son. Meanwhile Ryuu's mother has left the tribe and is out on a quest to find Ryuu.16 years later Ryuu meets a girl named Ran who was sold to the tribe Ryuu originaly came from. The tribe is not happy to see Ryuu alive and tries to sacrifice him again, this time by burning him alive. Before they can get the deed done the tribe is massacred along with Ryuu's adoptive mother by Shirano. Ryuu then sets out on a quest together with Ran to find his mother and Ran's brother Don.
 This is the story of college freshman Kanji Sasahara and his fellow members of the college club he joins, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture (aka Genshiken), as he goes shopping for doujinshi, attends conventions and slowly but surely makes his way down the road to fandom.
 Sasahara Kanji is a college freshman who decides to join a student society to share his hidden thoughts on manga, anime and gaming.When he first visited Genshiken, short for "Gendai Shikaku Bunka Kenkyuu Kai" (Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture), his groundless pride was destroyed by the plotting of Madarame, a sophomore student in Genshiken, but he still couldn't admit that he is an otaku.However, as he participates in society activities such as visiting dojin (private publishing) shops and anime festivals, and hangs out with other society members Kosaka (a hardcore otaku despite his extreme eccentricities and good looks), Kosaka's girlfriend Kasukabe Saki (who isn't really an otaku), Ohno (a cosplayer) and the others, he opens his mind and resolves that he will make his way into the otaku world. With their help, Sasahara slowly adjusts to otaku life in Genshiken.
 The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture, otherwise known as Genshiken, is now under the charge of a more confident Sasahara. Things have changed in between semesters, and the otaku club now has a new otaku-hating member named Ogiue. Sasahara's initial goal of starting a doujin circle and selling those fan-made magazines at the next Comic Festival becomes a reality, but reality is a cruel master... who apparently crossplays. Afterward, the club is abuzz with talk about Tanaka and Ohno's relationship, which takes a hesitant step forward.
 This is the story of college freshman Kanji Sasahara and his fellow members of the college club he joins, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture (aka Genshiken), as he goes shopping for doujinshi, attends conventions and slowly but surely makes his way down the road to fandom
 Bundled with the limited edition of the 6th volume of the manga.
 Special episodes included in BD.
 It's the start of a new year for the Genshiken crew, and that means recruiting new members. Always a dreaded task, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture manages to get Chika Ogiue pushed onto them from the Manga Club. With her introduction of "I'm Ogiue and I hate otaku," this year certainly will be anything but boring.
 This is the story of college freshman Kanji Sasahara and his fellow members of the college club he joins, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture (aka Genshiken), as he goes shopping for doujinshi, attends conventions and slowly but surely makes his way down the road to fandom.
 The Sacred Book of the land of Eija has been rediscovered and with it the legends of a mysterious and all powerful ship. Now Princess Crystal of Megaronia has set forth on a quest to recover the ship and its ultimate weaponry. All that stands between her and total domination of the world is a small group of piratical misfits. Swords, sorcery and technology blend to form a mesmerizing tale of Good vs. Evil in Ellcia. (Source
 The story of Gensou Sangokushi
 Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. are at it again. This time they have to battle a Gang of Phantom Cats and a mysterious enemy and assassin. And there are the run ins with the Government, the need for a new office, as well as sorting out the past to deal with. Luckily, they've got a stock pile of weapons and super technology to help.
 Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. are at it again. This time they have to battle a Gang of Phantom Cats and a mysterious enemy and assassin. And there are the run ins with the Government, the need for a new office, as well as sorting out the past to deal with. Luckily, they've got a stock pile of weapons and super technology to help.
 Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. specialize in jobs where their enemy are "Phantom Cats". They have a few run ins with the various Government agencies, as well as a gang of Phantom Cats; blowing up a lot of stuff along the way. When one of their own is kidnapped, they have to get her back.
 Taba and the Girls of Kagura Total Security Inc. specialize in jobs where their enemy are "Phantom Cats". They have a few run ins with the various Government agencies, as well as a gang of Phantom Cats; blowing up a lot of stuff along the way. When one of their own is kidnapped, they have to get her back.
 Plot Summary
 In the future, human beings are attacked by beings called the Bug-chine, which appeared a few years back. No normal human weapon can defeat the Bug-chine, but there is hope. It is the AMDrivers that will save the earth. They are solders using the latest "AM Technology". With overwhelming power, they will beat the Bug-chine one after another and become heroes, as well as capture the hearts of their fans.
 Mido Ban and Amano Ginji are known as the Get Backers, retrievers with a success rate of 100%. Whatever is lost or stolen, they can definitely get it back. Despite their powerful abilities and enthusiastic behavior, Ban and Ginji are terminally broke no matter what they do simply because few people would actually desire to hire them. As a result, the pair of them tend to do dangerous jobs, often leading to unwanted re-encounters with their old (and dangerous) friends.
 An animated spin-off from the Densha Otoko (Trainman) TV drama.In the drama, actor Itoh Atsushi plays the otaku Yamada, whose main love in life is the Mina anime, a cutesy busty heroine with floppy rabbit ears and carrots sticking out her rear.Mina itself is a character homage which triggers back to the Daicon Animation done by GAINAX where a similar nameless bunny girl appeared. Densha Otoko futher featured an opening with scenes which were appearing back in the Daicon Animation.
 The anime follows a salaryman who has a chance meeting with a girl named Ai on the train. They begin to meet every Monday on the train, with the man serving as her bodyguard on the crowded commute while they chat.

 From deep within the Earth's surface, the Dinosaur Kingdom make their move to wipe out mankind and conquer the planet with their mechanical dinosaurs. After a prototype Getter Robo is shot down by a mechanical dinosaur, the Saotome Research Institute decides to use the real Getter Robo, which is combat-capable. Due to a lack of pilots in the institute, Ryo Nagare goes to his college to persuade martial artist Musashi Tomoe and outcast Hayato Jin to join him and pilot the Getter Machines to combat the new threat and protect mankind.
 Getter Robo Arc is the fifth Getter Robo series chronologically.Taking place several years after Getter Robo Go, Earth is now a post-apocalyptic world. Hayato, now an aging scientist, has completed Professor Saotome's masterpiece, Getter Robo Arc. Piloting it are Ryoma's son Takuma, the human-dinosaur Kamui, and the younger brother of Tayel, Baku. Alongside the reformed Dinosaur Empire, they fight the insectoid Andromeda Flow Country attacking from across time and space.
 Getter Robo Arc is the fifth Getter Robo series chronologically.Taking place several years after Getter Robo Go, Earth is now a post-apocalyptic world. Hayato, now an aging scientist, has completed Professor Saotome's masterpiece, Getter Robo Arc. Piloting it are Ryoma's son Takuma, the human-dinosaur Kamui, and the younger brother of Tayel, Baku. Alongside the reformed Dinosaur Empire, they fight the insectoid Andromeda Flow Country attacking from across time and space.
 Takes place after the final defeat of the Dinosaur Empire and the death of Musashi Tomoe in the original Getter Robo series.Dr. Saotome, creator of Getter Robo, fears that the peace the Getter Robo team has won will be short lived and that an even greater enemies would appear. Dr. Saotome's fears are justified when the militaristic Hyakki (or "Hundred demons") Empire appears, but Dr. Saotome is prepared with the creation of an even more powerful Getter Robo, Getter Robo G and a new Getter Robo base. Also with Musashi Tomoe dead, Dr. Saotome needs a third pilot which he finds in baseball player Benkei Kuruma.
 Takes place after the final defeat of the Dinosaur Empire and the death of Musashi Tomoe in the original Getter Robo series.Dr. Saotome, creator of Getter Robo, fears that the peace the Getter Robo team has won will be short lived and that an even greater enemies would appear. Dr. Saotome's fears are justified when the militaristic Hyakki (or "Hundred demons") Empire appears, but Dr. Saotome is prepared with the creation of an even more powerful Getter Robo, Getter Robo G and a new Getter Robo base. Also with Musashi Tomoe dead, Dr. Saotome needs a third pilot which he finds in baseball player Benkei Kuruma.
 A new Getter robot is piloted by three youth as they combat the evil terrors that plague the world.
 Two Ghibli created shorts about the happenings in a fictional animation studio, presumably based to some extent on their own.
 Production IG’s 20th Anniversary Project, Ghost Hound is set in the modest town of Suiten, located in a desolate region in the island of Ky?sh?. The story follows the experiences of three boys who have had traumatic experiences in childhood from which they have learned to transfer their souls to a parallel world known as the “Unseen World”. The Unseen World is however undergoing a change, with its ghosts starting to appear in the real world, altering it in unpredictable ways.
 In an isolated region of Kyushu lies the town of Suiten. Though seeming small and modest, Suiten is not a picturesque place for a vacation, unless it is from the "Unseen World." Taro, Makoto, and Masayuki, three boys with traumatic pasts, learn to let their souls cross between the two parallel worlds. However, the Unseen World is no mere copy of the real Apparent World. The Unseen World is the home of ghosts, but changes are now allowing the souls of the dead to pass over into the Apparent World, with unpredictable effects. Follow the journey of Taro, Makoto, and Masayuki, as they cross between the two worlds, trying to unravel a great mystery.
 While at school, Taniyama Mai and her friends like to exchange ghost stories. Apparently, there is an abandoned school building on their campus that is the center of many ghost stories. During the story, they are interrupted by a mysterious male figure. The person turns out to be Shibuya Kazuya, a 17-year-old who is president of the Shibuya Psychic Research Company. He was called by the principal to investigate the stories surrounding the abandoned school building.The next day, on the way to school, Mai passes the school building in question. While examining a strange camera she spotted inside, she gets surprised by Kazuya's assistant. Unknowingly interfering with the investigation, Mai breaks the camera and Kazuya's assistant gets injured.Kazuya forcefully hires Mai in order to pay for the camera and replace his injured assistant. From that point on, Mai begins to learn about the paranormal world and the profession of ghost hunting.
 In the year 2029, the world is made borderless by the net; augmented humans live in virtual environments, watched over by law enforcement that is able to download themselves into super-powered, crime busting mecha.The ultimate secret agent of the future is not human, has no physical body and can freely travel the information highways of the world, hacking and manipulating whatever and whenever required.
 In the year 2027, a year following the end of the non-nuclear World War IV, a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization. Public Security official Daisuke Aramaki hires full-body cyber prosthesis user and hacker extraordinaire, Motoko Kusanagi, to investigate.
 In the year 2027, a year following the end of the non-nuclear World War IV, a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization. Public Security official Daisuke Aramaki hires full-body cyber prosthesis user and hacker extraordinaire, Motoko Kusanagi, to investigate.
 In the year 2029, advances in Cybernetics allow people to replace nearly all of their body parts and organs with robotics. Through these prosthetics, the weak are made strong, and the dying are given new life. Public Security Section 9 of Niihama City (a fictional setting inspired by Hong Kong), a diverse team of AI, cyborgs and unmodified humans, must investigate cases of corruption and terrorism. Major Motoko Kusanagi has full-body prosthetics, owing to a childhood accident. She, her second in command Batou and information specialist Ishikawa have been assigned an important task
 Mamoru Oshii's first Ghost in the Shell cyberspace film will return to five Japanese theaters in an enhanced Ghost in the Shell 2.0 edition on July 12. The new edition will include new computer graphics and digital effects for some scenes and a reunion of most of the cast members for a new 6.1 surround sound recording. Academy-Award-winning sound mixer/editor Randy Thom (Ghost in the Shell 2
 Mamoru Oshii's first Ghost in the Shell cyberspace film will return to five Japanese theaters in an enhanced Ghost in the Shell 2.0 edition on July 12. The new edition will include new computer graphics and digital effects for some scenes and a reunion of most of the cast members for a new 6.1 surround sound recording. Academy-Award-winning sound mixer/editor Randy Thom (Ghost in the Shell 2
 TV series for Ghost in the Shell
 The premise of the story
 Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scylla. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation.
 The anime's story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents.
 Second movie of Ghost in the Shell
 Third movie of Ghost in the Shell
 The upcoming installment's story takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Makoto Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking.
 The story of this fourth installment takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Motoko Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking.
 Short 3D CG Specials included in the Blu-rays of the Ghost in the Shell
 The anime's story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down. During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents.
 Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9. The two groups rival each other in a case involving a man who receives false memories of a refugee transport operation.
 The heavily cyborged police officer Batou, newly partnered with the mostly-human Togusa after the diappearance of Major Motoko Kusanagi, is assigned to investigate a series of murders committed by prototype "sexaroids" - female androids created for sex.
 AD 2034. It has been two years since Kusanagi Motoko left Section 9. Togusa is now the new leader of the team, that has considerably increased its appointed personnel. The expanded new Section 9 confronts a rash of complicated incidents, and investigations reveal that an ultra-wizard hacker named the Puppeteer is behind the entire series of events.In the midst of it all, Batou, who was following the case on a separate track, encounters Motoko. But after saying, "Stay away from the Solid State Society", she quickly leaves. This makes Batou wonder
 A.D. 2034. It has been two years since Motoko Kusanagi left Section 9. Togusa is now the new leader of the team, that has considerably increased its appointed personnel. The expanded new Section 9 confronts a rash of complicated incidents, and investigations reveal that an ultra-wizard hacker named the Puppeteer is behind the entire series of events.In the midst of all, Batou, who was stalking the case on a separate track, encounters Motoko. She goes away after saying, "Stay away from the Solid State Society." Batou is left with a doubt in his mind. Could Motoko be the Puppeteer?The series of intriguing incidents that Section 9 faces gradually link together almost artistically. Who is the Puppeteer? What will happen to Batou's relationship with Motoko? What is the full truth behind this carefully planned perfect crime? And what will the outcome be? Mysteries surround the Solid State Society...
 In 2024, the terrorist incident known as "The Laughing Man Incident" occurred in which Ernest Serano, president of the groundbreaking micromachine company, Serano Genomics, was kidnapped and ransomed. One day, the case having remained unsolved for six years, Detective Yamaguchi, who has been investigating "The Laughing Man Incident," sends word that he wants to meet with Togusa from Public Safety Section 9. However, soon after sending this message, Yamaguchi, crucial to the success of the case, dies in an accident. Many days pass and in the midst of a police interview relay concerning suspicions behind interceptors, a forewarning is received from "The Laughing Man" of his next crime. The incorporeal hacker begins to move once again.
 In 2024, the terrorist incident known as "The Laughing Man Incident" occurred in which Ernest Serano, president of the groundbreaking micromachine company, Serano Genomics, was kidnapped and ransomed. One day, the case having remained unsolved for six years, Detective Yamaguchi, who has been investigating "The Laughing Man Incident," sends word that he wants to meet with Togusa from Public Safety Section 9. However, soon after sending this message, Yamaguchi, crucial to the success of the case, dies in an accident. Many days pass and in the midst of a police interview relay concerning suspicions behind interceptors, a forewarning is received from "The Laughing Man" of his next crime. The incorporeal hacker begins to move once again.
 In the not so distant future, mankind has advanced to a state where complete body transplants from flesh to machine is possible. This allows for great increases in both physical and cybernetic prowess and blurring the lines between the two worlds. However, criminals can also make full use of such technology, leading to new and sometimes, very dangerous crimes. In response to such innovative new methods, the Japanese Government has established Section 9, an independently operating police unit which deals with such highly sensitive crimes.Led by Daisuke Aramaki and Motoko Kusanagi, Section 9 deals with such crimes over the entire social spectrum, usually with success. However, when faced with a new A level hacker nicknamed "The Laughing Man," the team is thrown into a dangerous cat and mouse game, following the hacker's trail as it leaves its mark on Japan.
 In the year 2045, after an economic disaster known as the Synchronized Global Default, rapid developments in AI propelled the world to enter a state of “Sustainable War”. However, the public is not aware of the threat that AI has towards the human race.Full-body cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi and her second-in-command Batou are former members of Public Security Section 9, who are now hired mercenaries traveling hot devastated American west coast. This land is full of opportunity for the major and her team, they utilize their enhanced cyberbrains and combat skills from their time working in Section 9. However, things get complicated with the emergence of “post humans,” who have extreme intelligence and physical powers. The members of Section 9 comeback together again in order to face this new threat.
 Compilation movie of the "Individual Eleven" story from Ghost in the Shell
 Compilation movie of the "Individual Eleven" story from Ghost in the Shell
 Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell
 Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell
 Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell
 Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell
 Ghost Messengers are super-power agents from the underground world called the World of Death. The World of Death is a digitalized world with cutting-edge technologies that control and manage the life and death of all living things based on its elaborate systems.Our Ghost Messenger hero, Kang-lim, has been dispatched to the human world to capture the remaining ghosts who are refusing to go to the World of Death although it is their time.An accident occurs during his mission and Kang-lim gets captured in his own mobile phone. Little Kang-lim, a human boy who has extraordinary spiritual powers, finds the mobile phone and takes GhostMessenger Kang-lim out from the mobile phone.And the adventure begins.
 Plot Summary
 In the year of Tenpo 14, Yoi, monsters from another world attack Edo. Those who fight against them are members of Bansha Aratemesho. In public, Bansha Aratemsho is known as an organization to study foreign books. In fact, they are a organization dedicated to destroying the Yoi. These warriors are called Ayakashi. They gather information of odd events in the country, and are sent to destroy Yoi who appear. They are generally very strange people. For example, a guy who has lost his memory, a girl who dresses like a man. They have special powers with which to beat the Yoi.
 Kids and ghosts. When young Satsuki finds an old book of spells from her passed away mother, she gains the power to fight ghosts that are haunting her new school. With the help of her friends, and of a really wicked devil cat, she must protect everyone around her or be haunted for ever more.
 Reiko Mikami runs a business known as GS (Ghost Sweeper) Mikami, where she exorcises any evil that is bothering people. Her assistant, Tadao, only works for Reiko to see her nude one day. Too bad he isn't getting paid much for his job anyway. Later, Reiko and Tadao meet a spirit named Oniku who comes to help them in solving the mysteries of the supernatural.

 The series follows Chitose Karasuma, a university student who aims to become a voice actress (seiyuu). The stage event listing further indicates that it focuses on the profession of idol seiyuu.
 Austral Island is located 2,000 km south from Samoa islands. The existence of the island was removed from the official records, and Tagami Yuu made a journey to search for the reason.He sailed for the island with Dr. Waive who was his father's friend, Doris who is the daughter of Dr. Waive, and Captain who is the friend of Dr. Waive. On their way to the island, GAIL, the international conglomerate, and gangster, Cougar Connection lead by Lady Lynx attacked them.They managed to arrive at the island, but suddenly a mysterious monster began to attack them. When they became ready for death, a blue giant robot appeared. It destroyed the monster and saved them. Although it was an existence far beyond human knowledge, it reminded Yuu of something warm and familiar.It was Giant Gorg which is called "Messenger of the God" by the inhabitants of the island. Escaping from the attack of GAIL's assault team, Gorg guided Yuu into the underworld. There, he found alien's relic and an alien who woke up after 30,000 years' sleep.
 Plot Summary
 In episode one, Ginrei's dress is stolen, only to be used to fool the enemy. The second episode deals with a giant robot made exactly in her image. Finally, the third episode concerns Tetsugyu and Ginrei investigating a lost research team in a "wild west" desert setting.
 In a future to come humanity enjoys a new age of prosperity thanks to Dr. Shizuma's invention of a revolutionary renewable energy source
 In a future to come humanity enjoys a new age of prosperity thanks to Dr. Shizuma's invention of a revolutionary renewable energy source
 Set in a town where an eternal rainbow hangs over its denizens and grants them the gift of magic under the condition
 Set in a town where an eternal rainbow hangs over its denizens and grants them the gift of magic under the condition
 Beauty Water looks like a common skin cosmetic. But unlike other cosmetics, people can sculpt their skin with it like molding clay and change their appearance. An ordinary girl, Yaeji, comes across the 'Beauty Water' by chance, and her endless desire to be the most beautiful woman brings her unimaginable disaster.
 Eiji Kitahama, a second year high school student, just wants to be popular. To help him realize this dream, Rin Nanakura, his junior in the drama club, uses her acting skills to create a harem of loving girls for him. Though the various "girls" all show fondness toward Eiji, the affection of the actress behind them is very real. Rin's colorful acting continuously delights Eiji, but will the starlet herself ever make her way into his heart?
 After an accident at the Twin X research facility, the sky has been changed to be like a mirror, and all electronics no longer work. There are also children born after this event who have mystical powers to change the environment around them. The story centers on a brother and sister, Tatsuya and Koyoko, the children of a scientist at the Twin X facility.
 The half-divine King of Uruk, Gilgamesh, was considered but a paltry legend... until his majestic tomb was discovered in the Middle East. This imperial crypt drew scientists from across the globe to the land, and with that came recognition of their fame. In a joint effort, they built Heaven's Gate in pursuit of advancing human knowledge.One day, a group of terrorists driven by greed attack Heaven's Gate, causing an explosion within the facility for archaeological excavation. The resulting phenomenon had much more impact than anyone could have imagined.More specifically, it triggered the birth of supernatural beings. In the midst of this mess, two siblings by the names of Kiyoko and Tatsuya encounter mysterious men with supernatural powers who, despite the scientific crisis around them, claim the ability to restore good to the world. Nevertheless, these seemingly heroic and all-powerful creatures act under the rule of factions. Are they here to save the world, or destroy it?
 Lu Shuiyin (Riku Suigin in Japanese) is a master of gaming, a skill only known to his classmate Lu Lian (Riku Lin in Japanese). One day, Shuiyin receives a device from Lu Lian for a tomb raiding online game. While Shuiyin is excited to receive the device, Lian is suddenly kidnapped. Shuiyin touches the device that was left behind, pulling him inside the game and trapping him there. What is the imaginary world inside the device? What will Shuiyin find there?It is a world where two groups of people fight over the power of the gods, which originates from the tomb the mother goddess Pangu (Bango in Japanese). The two groups are the tomb raiders and the tomb protectors. The device Shuiyin received from Lian is called the Monolith, and it allows a normal gamer to go near the tomb. The tomb raiding group plans its attack by recruiting common people in the name of gaming. Shuiyin, as the final tomb protector, must fight against the raiders in order to save Lian.
 Lu Shuiyin (Riku Suigin in Japanese) is a master of gaming, a skill only known to his classmate Lu Lian (Riku Lin in Japanese). One day, Shuiyin receives a device from Lu Lian for a tomb raiding online game. While Shuiyin is excited to receive the device, Lian is suddenly kidnapped. Shuiyin touches the device that was left behind, pulling him inside the game and trapping him there. What is the imaginary world inside the device? What will Shuiyin find there?It is a world where two groups of people fight over the power of the gods, which originates from the tomb the mother goddess Pangu (Bango in Japanese). The two groups are the tomb raiders and the tomb protectors. The device Shuiyin received from Lian is called the Monolith, and it allows a normal gamer to go near the tomb. The tomb raiding group plans its attack by recruiting common people in the name of gaming. Shuiyin, as the final tomb protector, must fight against the raiders in order to save Lian.(Source
 Second season of Gin no Guardian.
 Second season of Gin no Guardian.
 It is the year 3567 and an Olynssis barrier that disrupts space and time covers all of Earth. The planet is also being overrun by organic machines called Gardeners, which seek to exterminate all humans on the planet. Tokito Aizawa is part of a group of hunters who destroys Gardeners and sells the scraps. Although, after encountering a girl named Tea, who calls him ‘Koichi’, and her machine, Silver, his life becomes more complicated.
 Plot Summary
 A dog named Weed happens to hear that he is the son of Gin, The great leader of Ohu, Who lead the dogs of Ohu to victory in a fight against monsterous bear Akakabuto. Weed wants to find his father no matter of what. On a way to his father Weed meets many friends and enemies.
 The story follows a boy who was in a soccer team, but it was disbanded due to not enough players. However, after the boy meets a female professional soccer player, he aims to bring his soccer team back.
 The story follows a boy who was in a soccer team, but it was disbanded due to not enough players. However, after the boy meets a female professional soccer player, he aims to bring his soccer team back.
 Based on a series of sci-fi novels, this series tells the story of a massive conflict between the Prussia-like Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance. It describes all levels of the war, from the tactical to the strategic, but focuses most on the two opposing militaries' leaders
 Continuation of the Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu

 Fourth season of Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu
 Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu
 Third movie of Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 AD. 2058, on the Clayad which was the 3rd planet of the Ypserlon system, which was 43 light years away from Earth, suddently aliens raided the planet.The emigrants on the Clayad had to escape from the planet. Because of the confusion during the escape, the children were strayed from their parents and got in the training space ship, Janous. With a lot of sacrifices, they managed to arrive at 4th planet Belwick. However, the Belwick had been already in the war. Therefore, the 13 children had to go to the Earth by themselves.
 The story takes place in Kukto in D.C. 2060 - a year after VIFAM. Ypserlon has been restored to peace, though there still remains occasional skirmishes. The Thirteen are invited there for a ceremony by the new Kukto government (its members are formerly the rebels). As two unexpected people appear, they develop a new story. It is a quest for memory.
 This episode is a sidestory and can be inserted somewhere between episodes #18 and #21. This is a "mystery" and so the present writer does not tell the whole story. The Janus is sailing towards Taut when something unexpected happens.
 In the latter half of 21st century, humans leave the Earth and begin to live in space. In order to adapt to the environment in space and deal with the hostile aliens in Jupiter, genetically engineered children called "Princes" are artificially raised and trained to be pilots of armed robots "AHSMB (Advanced High Standard Multipurpose Battle Device). This is a story about one of the teenage "Princes," Hitachi O Izuru, who studies in an academic city Grandzehle.


 Extra episode of Ginga Kikoutai Majestic Prince.
 Team Fawn from Gurantseere Academy dreams of one day fighting beside the heroes of Team Rabbit. One day, they finally get their chance as the GDF launches another attack.
 A giant demon bear named Akakabuto has taken over Futago pass. Shortly after, a silver, tiger-striped Akita pup named Gin is born and is trained as a bear-dog. Gin is brought to Riki (the leader of a large pack of dogs and Gin’s father) to join the pack. Riki let’s him join after proving his strenght and sends his platoons to all parts of Japan to recruit strong males to fight Akakabuto.Gin, the third generation of bear-dogs goes through many hardships for the purpose of stopping the terrifying bear, Akakabuto.
 Yuna Kagurazaka, a clumsy and sweet sixteen year old girl, had her life drastically changed when she won an intergalactic contest for the person with the purest heart. Now, she is an intergalactic superhero and magical girl known as the Savior of Light. She pilots the mecha El Line to maintain the peace of the universe. But Yuna’s entire world is shaken when she is wrongfully accused of destroying a city with El Line. She is captured and taken prisoner by Misaki Ichijouin, a special agent from the Galaxy Alliance. However, Misaki soon realizes that she has been deceived, and teams up with the rest of Yuna’s friends to free the Savior and save the galaxy before an evil force is restored to power.
 600 years after Ginga Senpuu Braiger, Jupiter has been destroyed, and many planets have come from it, bringing about more colonization. To combat the increasing lawless activity, Don Diego Condor gathers Billy the Shot, Samanosuke Dodi, Layla Minesato, and Shuteken Radcliffe, a.k.a. J9-II. They pilot Cosmo Bikes, which combine into the robot Baxingar.
 Rai is a space opera that fuses feudal Chinese and Japanese customs with vast galaxy spanning empires and space-going societies. The story follows the life and times of the samurai Rai, and the quest of several spacefaring factions for control of territory and, of course, the Empire.
 In the year 2111, the solar system has been colonized. The colonized moons and planets are lawless and the police are helpless. In order to battle the evil within the solar system, Isaac Godonov creates J9, made up of himself, Blaster Kid, Stephen Bowie, and Angel Omachi. They are a team that will handle any missions the police will not with their robot Braiger... for a price. Meanwhile, the Nubia section of Earth has a plan to destroy Jupiter to create 30 more planets for human colonization. But this plan will result in the destruction of Earth.
 It is 2911 and the solar system is made up of of 50 planets. I.C Blues, a gambler, makes a bet with the boss of a criminal syndicate known as Bloody God that it is possible to navigate the whole solar system in one year. Helping out Blues is J9-III, made up of Rock, Beat, and Birdy. To clear any obstcles, they have the transforming train-robot Sasuraiger. But the Bloody Syndicate will do anything to ensure the Blues loses the bet.
 Tetsurou Hoshino is a boy bent on obtaining an immortal mechanical body in order to take revenge against his mother's murderer, the machine man Count Mecha. However, due to the incredible cost of obtaining what he seeks, his only hope is to steal a boarding pass for the Galaxy Express 999, a space train that travels across the galaxy and whose final stop is a planet where the metal replacements are provided for free. After swiping a pass, Tetsurou is pursued by the police and ends up collapsing into the arms of a mysterious woman named Maetel, who closely resembles his mother. Once he awakens, she tells the boy that she will provide him entry onto the 999 as long as he agrees to travel with her. Accepting her proposition, Tetsurou boards the cosmic railway with Maetel and begins a journey across the galaxy.
 A remake of episode 22 of the TV version.
 Based on the story by manga master Leiji Matsumoto (The Cockpit, Queen Emeraldas), the 55 minute featurette picks up one year after the events of Galaxy Express 999 in which a young boy named Tetsuro and his motherly companion Maetel worked to rid the universe on the Mechanized Empire who had taken over Earth.
 This short movie is a remake of the first half of episode 3 of Ginga Tetsudou 999.
 A remake of episodes 51-52 of the TV version.
 A remake of episodes 12-13 of the TV version.
 Giovanni is a young boy who lives on the outskirts of a small rustic village. His mother is bedridden and his father has not returned home since leaving to work on a fishing boat. An outcast at school, Giovanni has only one friend
 Makoto is the fifteenth generation heiress of a small shrine to the god Inari. Her father is still the shrine’s priest, but Inari’s divine messenger, Gintarou, has appeared to Makoto, marking her as true successor. Gintarou has the ability to see a short distance into the future and to find lost objects, but is unmotivated and foulmouthed. In spite of this, he becomes friends with Makoto, and together they help those who come to the shrine.
 Kananase Yu is just an ordinary high-school student. Since he has mysterious inside knowledge about piloting a mecha, he is recruited by the International Military Organization as a potential test pilot for a new mobile armor. However, apparently there are other young recruits around his age, including one of his classmates, were recruited as test pilot as well. Now Kananase Yu must prove that he is the best to be the test pilot.
 Plot Summary
 New season of Gintama.
 The Amanto, aliens from outer space, have invaded Earth and taken over feudal Japan. As a result, a prohibition on swords has been established, and the samurai of Japan are treated with disregard as a consequence.However one man, Gintoki Sakata, still possesses the heart of the samurai, although from his love of sweets and work as a yorozuya, one might not expect it. Accompanying him in his jack-of-all-trades line of work are Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses and a strong heart, Kagura with her umbrella and seemingly bottomless stomach, as well as Sadaharu, their oversized pet dog. Of course, these odd jobs are not always simple, as they frequently have run-ins with the police, ragtag rebels, and assassins, oftentimes leading to humorous but unfortunate consequences.Who said life as an errand boy was easy?
 Bundled with limited edition of the 58th Gintama manga volume. The tagline for the bundled anime reads, "It's time for all the Yorozuya members ...to wake up just one more time."
 Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko?Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team.Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama's fourth season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet.
 Gintama x Mameshiba aired as a commercial to promote the Gintama
 Yoshiwara is besieged by a mysterious incense that has the ability to make whoever smell it fall for the first person they see; poor Tsukuyo is hit, her already secret attraction with Gintoki intensified. In trying to gather the incense, Tsukuyo's slip-up causes the entire district to be affected by the smoke, including the Yorozuya (and Tae, Kyuubei, and Kondou who happened to be there at the time). Can the Yorozuya and Tsukuyo overcome their afflictions to stop the perpetrator?
 This year, Gintama celebrated the 10th anniversary of its Jump Festa Anime Tour 2005 anime debut and looked ahead to the much hyped Shogun Assassination arc with a new Jump Special Anime Festa 2015 specia
 What would have happened if the Shiroyasha never existed? Edo is thrown to chaos by a mysterious cause. Sakata Gintoki, now lives in a world where the future has changed, without him. What has happened to the Yorozuya? Gintoki, who is now a ghost of the past, must once again carry the burden in order to save his friends. He must finish the biggest job ever, which may be the final job of Yorozuya.
 Odd Jobs Gin has taken on a lot of odd work in the past, and when you're a Jack of All Trades agency based in a feudal Japan that's been conquered and colonized by aliens, the term Odd Jobs means REALLY ODD jobs. But when some more than slightly suspicious secrets from the shadows of OJG founder Sakata Gintoki's somewhat shady former samurai past and a new pair of odd jobs collide, the action is bound to get so wild and demented that only a feature film will do it justice!So if you've had the good fortune to see Gintama, Japan's most popular science fiction samurai series before, get ready for more of the same on an epic scale! And if you haven't seen Gintama before, well, this is your quick and easy introduction to why Gintama (the series) is the hottest thing to hit the Land of the Rising Sun since a certain large, green reptile whose name we can't use due to certain litigious lawyers!So sit down, strap yourself in and make sure you're not wearing anything too tight or constricting as the junior half of OJG takes on the task of tracking down a tenacious terrorist while their silver-haired slickster of a partner seeks out a certain sword in the side-splittingly silly Gintama - The Movie!
 According to Tsutaya Online, the DVD of Gintama
 New Gintama movie.
 New special that will tie into the third new Gintama anime film.
 Sixth season of Gintama.
 Final arc of Gintama.
 Second Season of the final arc of Gintama.
 The Gintama event at Jump Festa 2015 announced on Sunday that a new television anime series has been green-lit. The new series will premiere on TV Tokyo and its affiliates in April 2015.
 In the aftermath of the most devastating conflict mankind had ever experienced, the tiny island of Shikotan became part of the Sakhalin Oblast... and on the unhealed border in this remote corner of the world, friendship among children from two different countries timidly blossomed, striving to overcome language barriers and the waves of history. Inspired by true events.On August 15th, they told us we had lost the war. At that time, we did not really understand. Then one day, everything changed. Many soldiers, wearing uniforms we had never seen before, arrived on the island. That was the day I met Tanya.
 In the aftermath of the most devastating conflict mankind had ever experienced, the tiny island of Shikotan became part of the Sakhalin Oblast... and on the unhealed border in this remote corner of the world, friendship among children from two different countries timidly blossomed, striving to overcome language barriers and the waves of history. Inspired by true events.On August 15th, they told us we had lost the war. At that time, we did not really understand. Then one day, everything changed. Many soldiers, wearing uniforms we had never seen before, arrived on the island. That was the day I met Tanya.

 Hazumu was a shy boy who enjoyed gardening, collecting herbs, and long walks in the mountains. One day he finally worked up the courage to confess his love to Yasuna, but she rejected him. Depressed, he wandered up Mt. Kashimayama, the place where they first met, to reconsider his feelings. After getting lost, he wished upon a shooting star and received a bizarre twist of fate. Now he is a she, and she stumbles headfirst back into social life and relationships only to find that the entire landscape has changed!
 A TV anime adaptation of the Girlfriend (Kari) a mobile game where players can have girlfriends through playing the game.
 One day, after the ending of World Dance Battle Royale, it has been unexpectedly decided that the nonet will work together with "Ootori" members from Ootoriutain High School to create a drama. The drama is an original story based on Cinderella with an arrangement. It has been decided that Momoko Asahina will play Cinderella and Miyabi Kunishiro the prince. Also, an unexpected role has been decided for Kokomi Shiina. A drama between a slightly different nonet and Ootori members has begun.
 Mini episodes bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs.
 Girls und Panzer specials with Yukari Akiyama explaining the background of tank units that appear in the series.
 After a brilliant victory over Saunders University High School, girls from Ooarai now have to face Italian-themed Anzio Girls High School in the second round of the 63rd National High School Sensha-Dou Tournament. The high-spirited girls from Anzio, led by the charismatic Chiyomi Anzai, advance toward the battle equipped with baffling tactics and a secret weapon.Ooarai will soon find out that what seemed to be a mere formality might take an unexpected and possibly disastrous turn. Whether they will win the match, or lose and doom their school to a closure, is still on a knife-edge.
 7.95Ranked #622Popularity #2967Members 38,534MovieActasAdd to ListSelectEpisodes
 The second film in the six-part Girls & Panzer
 Despite having the upper hand, BC Freedom High School suffers a thorough defeat at the hands of Ooarai Girls Academy. Following their victory, the Ooarai girls decide to take a break before the next round. After discovering that Momo Kawashima is taking care of her family while studying for the university entrance exams, the rest of the Ooarai team become more determined to win the Winter Continuous Track Cup for the sake of Momo and her family.Meanwhile, the second round of the tournament has started, and Ooarai now has to face Chi-Ha-Tan Academy. Having learned from the first round to not underestimate their enemies, Ooarai slowly approaches their opponent on the thick jungle battlefield.Despite their best attempts to be cautious, Ooarai is immediately put in a difficult situation as Chi-Ha-Tan employs several new strategies devised by Haru Fukuda. Finding themselves between a rock and a hard place, Ooarai must claw their way out to claim another comeback victory and keep their championship hopes alive.
 The third film in the six-part Girls & Panzer
 Specials included with Girls & Panzer
 Specials included with Girls & Panzer
 The fourth film in the six-part Girls & Panzer
 Specials aired between episodes five and six and episodes ten and eleven, both recapitulation episodes.
 Special included with Girls & Panzer

 Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition
 Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition
 Small for his age, Yukinari has been bullied and abused by girls all his life. Now in high school, he has developed a rare condition
 Plot Summary
 Imagine a world where humanity lives on enormous carrier ships. In Girls und Panzer, not only do these community ships support entire towns, they also host military-themed sports events that use tanks. Popular among high school girls, tankery, as the sport is known, claims to make young women strong, graceful, and popular with boys.Despite this, not every girl likes tankery. Miho Nishizumi comes from a long line of famous tankery practitioners, but a traumatic event drove her to abandon the sport. She even goes as far as to transfer to Oarai High School because it has no tankery team. Unfortunately, Miho joins the student body just as they're about to resurrect the sport. Because she's the only girl in the entire high school with prior tankery experience, the student council forces her to join the team. Can Miho's new friends and teammates help her overcome her traumatic past experiences and go on to win the national tankery championships?
 Sometime after the 63rd sensha-dou tournament, the Japanese Ministry of Education decides to move forward with its plan to decommission Ooarai Girls High School despite their recent triumph in the championship. In order to keep the school open, Miho and her team must win a match against a university sensha-dou team. For this difficult battle, Miho and the others count with the help of their friends from the other schools they previously faced, as well as assistance from new friends from the Chihatan Academy and Keizoku High School. Together, they will join forces to save Ooarai.
 Plot Summary
 The story is based on the battle against Anzio High School.
 Mysterious flying creatures known as Zai suddenly appear, and in order to fight the creatures, mankind creates fighter aircraft called "Daughters," as well as the automatic fighting mechanism "Anima," which are shaped like human girls. The story centers on a young man named Kei Narutani, who yearns to fly in the sky, and an Anima considered to be humanity's trump card, a girl name Gripen.
 "It's stuck deep inside me and I can't get it out of my head. Mafuyu's voice is an insane and dangerous weapon."That day, Ritsuka Uenoyama started to feel that playing the guitar and playing basketball, both of which he liked very much, were becoming boring. He then encounters Mafuyu Sato, who's holding onto a broken guitar, and decides to fix it. The moment Uenoyama finishes fixing the guitar, Mafuyu becomes completely attached to him. However, after hearing Mafuyu sing it leaves a deep impression on him.
 Tightly clutching his Gibson guitar, Mafuyu Satou steps out of his dark apartment to begin another day of his high school life. While taking a nap in a quiet spot on the gymnasium staircase, he has a chance encounter with fellow student Ritsuka Uenoyama, who berates him for letting his guitar's strings rust and break. Noticing Uenoyama's knowledge of the instrument, Satou pleads for him to fix it and to teach him how to play. Uenoyama eventually agrees and invites him to sit in on a jam session with his two band mates
 While the TV anime focused on the band given's guitarist Ritsuka Uenoyama and his high school classmate Mafuyu Sato, the film centers on the love relationship among the band's bassist Haruki Nakayama, drummer Akihiko Kaji, and Akihiko's roommate and ex-boyfriend Ugetsu Murata.
 The OVA, bundled with the special edition version of the seventh manga volume, will tell an "other side" story centered on Mafuyu Satou and Ritsuka Uenoyama that wasn't featured in the Given movie.
 TV anime adaptation of the GJ-bu moe light novel series, dubbed as the “first four-panel novel”, where each story is only four pages long with illustrations.
 Gorou Joe is a boy who lives a carefree life in the small historical town of Gujo Hachiman in Gifu prefecture. One day an old self-professed "water fairy" appears in front of Joe, and tells him to help people, and grants Joe the power to turn into "GJ8 Man" (a pun on Gujo Hachiman, as the number 8 is pronounced "hachi" in Japanese, and the "hachi" in "Hachiman" uses the kanji for the number 8).

 The People’s Army led by Michel stands against Vetti’s newly founded empire. Upon seeing how strong the Glass Battleship is, Michel tries to get Cleo, the captain of the Glass Battleship, to help People’s Army overthrow Vetti’s empire. And together they fight against Vetti’s empire.
 Kitajima Maya, a 13-year old girl with a talent for acting, was discovered by the reclusive actress Tsukikage. The story follows Maya's growing up, intense training, overcoming challenges, and evolving into the foremost actress of her generation (she is about 20 so far). Maya's greatest rival is Himekawa Ayumi, the beautiful daughter of a famous movie couple. They ultimately vied for the most sought-after role - the "Crimson Goddess". An equally important subplot Maya's relationship with the handsome and ruthless entertainment mogul Hayami Masumi, who secretly became her number one fan, but misunderstandings and bad-timing obstructed their romance...
 A floating space without gravity where an infinite number of lights shine in different colors
 The People's Army led by Michel stands against Vetti's newly founded empire. Upon seeing how strong the Glass Battleship is, Michel tries to get Cleo, the captain of the Glass Battleship, to help People's Army overthrow Vetti's empire. And together they fight against Vetti's empire.
 On the other side of the glass, you can see tomorrow.Fukami Touko is a 17-year-old girl born in Fukui Prefecture. Her dream is to become a glass artisan
 What does one consider to be a monster? A horrible bloodsucking vampire? Frankenstein's creation? Shuichi Kagaya has a secret. Other than having great grades and being skilled at sports, he isn’t what one would call normal. In fact, Shuichi cannot even be considered human.One fateful morning, he woke up as a monster. With brute strength, an abnormally strong sense of smell, big fluffy paws, and the depression and self-hate that comes after losing one's humanity, his life was suddenly flipped upside down. Claire Aoki, the girl he had decided to save, now holds his secret over his head. Claire is a sadistic and utterly twisted girl, with no sense of empathy toward the lives of others. Before meeting Shuichi, she was in the search of monsters, hoping to find her monster sister. Despite becoming a monster, Shuichi naively continues to hold onto his human morals, but how long can one last in this insufferable way of living?
 Ikkiman is super human alien, but he doesn't know it. He was raised in a farm by an old couple. When his girlfriend dumps him to become a star, Ikkiman swears to himself that he will become a super star even more famous then her so they can get back together, and so he leaves the farm for the city. There, he interrupts the match of the Battle-ball team "Blue Planets," the battle-ball champions of the earth, and decides to join them with his superhuman discovered abilities. With the Blue planets, Ikkiman will play against alien enemy's for the title of champion and for the sake of the planet Earth.
 Go! Go! 575 adapts the Project 575 games for PlayStation Vita and iOS, which allow anyone to create songs using the traditional Japanese 5-7-5-syllable meter found in haiku and tanka poems.
 Go! Go! 575 Special
 First released to public at 1994 V-Jump Festa, later it became a special video feature to be requested by V-Jump purchasers.
 The eco-systems of planet Earth are endangered. Lucky for us, a super-powered robot boy is flying to rescue! astro in on a mission to help anyone anywhere in the world with a problem involving natural phenomena. Go little Astro Boy! GO!

 Go! Princess PreCure is set in a boarding junior high school, named Noble Gakuen (Noble Academy). The protagonist Haruka Haruno is a 13-year-old first year student. Her big dream is to be a princess someday, because she has admired a princess in the picture book she has kept since her childhood. One day she transforms into Cure Flora with "Dress Up Key" which Prince Kanata of Hope Kingdom gave her as a good luck charm when she was little. Then she also finds other PreCure girls in her school, 14-year-old Minami Kaidou as Cure Mermaid and 13-year-old Kirara Amanogawa as Cure Twinkle. As the Princess PreCure team, with two fairies Pafu and Aroma, they decide to fight againstdark witch Disupia (or Despair) who hates all the dreams in the world and wants to turn them to despair.
 Part 1, Pumpkin Oukoku no Takaramono, will feature the four Precure girls from Go! Princess Precure trying to rescue a princess who is held captive.Part 2, Precure to Refi no Wonder Night!, is set in the Night Kingdom lost its daytime, the Precure team fight to take the daytime back alongside the princess Refi.Part 3, Cure Flora to Itazura Kagami, will be a dialogue-less story featuring Cure Flora and a mischievous ghost in a mirror.
 Second season of Goblin Slayer.

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Third season of Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka.
 Second season of Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka?
 Gochuumon wa Usagi desu ka?? movie.
 Cocoa arrives at the cafe Rabbit House one day, excited for rabbits. She actually all but lives in that cafe. She meets lots of different girls there, including a tiny and cool girl named Chino, a tough and soldier-esque girl named Lize, a spacey and quintessentially Japanese girl named Chiyo, and the ordinary but dignified Sharo.
 Sequel of Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka?? Movie.
 Set in Japan in the year 2071 where the world has been mostly destroyed by mysterious monsters known as the Aragami. An organization known as Fenrir was made to exterminate Aragami using weapons called God Arcs which is made from the cells of an Aragami. Those who specialize in exterminating Aragami are known as God Eaters. Originally God Eaters had one type in which their God Arcs can only keep gun form or blade form, however a new type has been discovered that can switch between gun and blade form. Since then, they have been classified new-types and the previous as old-types.
 Marg was deprived his little brother, Mars, by Zure, and lost his parents. Therefore, he was living alone on the planet, Gishin. He became a member of guerrilla to riot against the dictator Zure, and he fell in love with Ruru, the daughter of the leader, Ura. However, the organization was destroyed. He was trapped by Zure, and he was brainwashed to become a soldier. Then, his long cherished wish that he would meet his brother again was realized... as a duel with him.
 The story is set in modern times, but the twist to the story is that Mazinger is an ancient weapon of the gods, left on earth to battle the evil space gods who have returned to take over the universe.
 Hundred years ago, a generation of God of War Ye Qingyun was born, crushing the sons of various great figures, making the enemy frightened by the wind, but unexpectedly betrayed by his lover Luo Ling, brother wolf thirteen, and falling into the Devil Abyss! A hundred years later, all walks of life entered the golden age, and wicked characters emerged wildly! Ye Qingyun was reborn as a waste disciple of the Ye Family, a small family in the Eight Desolate Continent! Fate is reversed and fate is changed! In this life, I will not only crush the genius, but also kill all those who bear me! A ruthless sword, a dragon slaying knife, kill everything, unify the gods, dominate all things!

 Her father passed away very early and her mother lives and works in a crowded Chinese restaurant. Kitajima Maya, a 13-year old girl, has to carry the burden of making ends meet as she fights against her ill fate. However, she is able to overcome the trials and tribulations in her life with her passion and enthusiasm. She happens to encounter the reclusive actress Tsukikage who decides to train and mould her into the foremost actress of her generation.
 Twenty thousand years after the fall of humanity, Earth succumbed to legions of ravenous creatures who now freely roam the planet. Far away in the depths of space, the last surviving members of humanity float aimlessly in the same ship they escaped Earth with so many years ago. With the spacecraft running dangerously low on resources, the survivors’ leading council must decide on their path forward
 By the advent of the 21st century, much of humanity was dead, having been trampled over by a new master, Godzilla. A select few among mankind took to the stars in a spacefaring vessel called the Aratrum in search of "the promised land," the planet Tau-e that could sustain human life. But the migration plan fails, and the remnants of the human race decide to return to Earth. But the distortions in space-time and the distance traveled means that mankind is returning to a completely changed Earth some 20,000 years later. The returnees, led by hero Haruo, prepare to take the fight to Godzilla based on a strategy that has been 20 years in the making. Carried out with the help of two alien species, the Exif and the Bilusaludo, the humans succeed in defeating Godzilla in a costly battle to the death.But the victory is short-lived. Rising from the depths of the planet is a new breed of monster, dubbed "Godzilla Earth." Evolving for 20,000 years, the creature stands 300 meters high, weighs over 100,000 tons and wields such overwhelmingly destructive power that Haruo and company have no choice but to run for their lives.Coming to Haruo's rescue, however, is Miana, a member of an aboriginal tribe called the Houtua. They are the first humanoid people the returnees have encountered. Could they descend from humans? "Our tribal god was destroyed by Godzilla. All that we have left are these eggs. Anyone who has tried to fight or resist him has been drowned in fire," the tribespeople say to Haruo, who responds with
 This series features an original story, which depicts the young geniuses Mei Kamino, a female researcher, and Yun Arikawa, a male engineer, as they take on an unprecedented threat with their companions. When danger comes up from the depths, only young geniuses Mei, Yun, and their team can face the threat in Godzilla Singular Point!
 This series features an original story, which depicts the young geniuses Mei Kamino, a female researcher, and Yun Arikawa, a male engineer, as they take on an unprecedented threat with their companions. When danger comes up from the depths, only young geniuses Mei, Yun, and their team can face the threat in Godzilla Singular Point!
 The last summer of the 20th Century. That day, the human beings learn that they are not the only ruler of the planet Earth.The appearance of the giant living creatures “Kaiju's” and the ultimate existence that destroys all monsters
 By the advent of the 21st century, much of humanity was dead, having been trampled over by a new master, Godzilla. A select few among mankind took to the stars in a spacefaring vessel called the Aratrum in search of "the promised land," the planet Tau-e that could sustain human life. But the migration plan fails, and the remnants of the human race decide to return to Earth. But the distortions in space-time and the distance traveled means that mankind is returning to a completely changed Earth some 20,000 years later. The returnees, led by hero Haruo, prepare to take the fight to Godzilla based on a strategy that has been 20 years in the making. Carried out with the help of two alien species, the Exif and the Bilusaludo, the humans succeed in defeating Godzilla in a costly battle to the death.But the victory is short-lived. Rising from the depths of the planet is a new breed of monster, dubbed "Godzilla Earth." Evolving for 20,000 years, the creature stands 300 meters high, weighs over 100,000 tons and wields such overwhelmingly destructive power that Haruo and company have no choice but to run for their lives.Coming to Haruo's rescue, however, is Miana, a member of an aboriginal tribe called the Houtua. They are the first humanoid people the returnees have encountered. Could they descend from humans? "Our tribal god was destroyed by Godzilla. All that we have left are these eggs. Anyone who has tried to fight or resist him has been drowned in fire," the tribespeople say to Haruo, who responds with
 Dr. Nico Tatopoulos leads a team, known as H.E.A.T, to battle giant monsters with the help of Godzilla's only living offspring.
 Dr. Nico Tatopoulos leads a team, known as H.E.A.T, to battle giant monsters with the help of Godzilla's only living offspring.
 Godzilla
 Godzilla
 A heartwarming story about a cockroach girl who tries to be liked by humans while dodging the insecticide.
 The protagonist, Kouda Mikako, is a student of “Yaza Gaku”. Specialising in fashion design, Mikako dreams of becoming a fashion designer with her own brand. Living next to her is her childhood friend, Yamaguchi Tsutomu. Even though they have been close since young, they share a platonic friendship. However, Tsutomu has been gaining popularity after he was recruited as the vocalist for a band and somehow, Mikako begins to see him in a different light. This is a story about how youths cope with dreams, love and friendship.
 Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA.
 It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world.Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou.
 It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world.Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou.
 A story about the humorous misadventures of Akabane Aya, an arrogant high school girl who’s constantly trying to outdo her classmates in everything (especially sex appeal), only to make a fool of herself in the process. Since the story takes place in an all-girls school, expect lots of yuri fanservice innuendos without much seriousness.
 Unaired ep.13 included on BD/DVD.
 Plot Summary
 A kind girl is the well-known chairman. Everything goes easily for her, except for one problem, and that’s the class troubled-boy trio that can’t seem to follow the rules. Now she must handle this rebellious group who can’t seem to stay out of trouble

 When he was a child, Murakami was infatuated with a girl he called Kuroneko. She insisted on knowing about aliens and having met them, but no one believed her, even young Murakami was skeptical. One day, she decides to show him the aliens, but an accident occurs and Kuroneko dies while Murakami is left seriously wounded in the hospital. Years go by and Murakami obsesses on finding proof of the existence of aliens because of a promise he had made with Kuroneko. Then, one day, a new transfer student comes to his class, who not only looks a lot like Kuroneko, but is named Kurohaneko! And even though she insists on never having met Murakami before, the girl has superhuman strength and seems to even be able to predict the future! How will Murakami's life change now that he has been saved by this mysterious girl that claims to be a magician?
 Ten years ago, Ryouta Murakami set out with his best friend Kuroneko to find proof of alien life. A tragic accident occurred, killing Kuroneko and injuring Ryouta. In honor of Kuroneko's memory, Ryouta now searches the night sky for alien signs, determined to prove that his friend had been right, and that aliens really do exist.Then one day, a new transfer student comes to his class and shatters everything he believes
 Unaired episode 11.5 included on the second Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 Ten years ago, Ryouta Murakami set out with his best friend Kuroneko to find proof of alien life. A tragic accident occurred, killing Kuroneko and injuring Ryouta. In honor of Kuroneko's memory, Ryouta now searches the night sky for alien signs, determined to prove that his friend had been right, and that aliens really do exist.Then one day, a new transfer student comes to his class and shatters everything he believes
 Plot Summary
 Kumiko Yamaguchi is smart, enthusiastic, and ready to start her dream job as a math teacher at Shirokin Academy. But as her first day opens on atrocious students and cowering teachers, Kumiko realizes that the all-boys high school is a cesspool of delinquents with no intention of improving themselves.However, what her rowdy students don't know is that behind her dorky facade, Kumiko is the acting head of a powerful yakuza clan, and she has the skills to prove it! Capable of overpowering even the strongest of gangsters in seconds, Kumiko must keep her incredible strength and criminal influence a secret in order to keep her job. Unfortunately, with the vice principal constantly trying to get her fired and Shin Sawada, the leader of her class of delinquents, suspecting she's stronger than she lets on, Kumiko has a difficult teaching career ahead of her.
 "Immortal Tatsu," the legendary yakuza who single-handedly defeated a rival gang with a lead pipe, is a name known to strike fear in both hardened police officers and vicious criminals. Soon after his sudden disappearance, he resurfaces with a slight change in profession. Now equipped with an apron, Tatsu has given up violence and is trying to make an honest living as a house husband.While adapting to mundane household tasks, Tatsu finds that being a house husband has its own challenges, from the battlefield known as supermarket sales to failures in the kitchen. Despite living peacefully, misunderstandings seem to follow him left and right. Gokushufudou follows the daily life of the comically serious ex-yakuza as he leaves behind his dangerous previous life to become a stay-at-home husband.
 "Immortal Tatsu," the legendary yakuza who single-handedly defeated a rival gang with a lead pipe, is a name known to strike fear in both hardened police officers and vicious criminals. Soon after his sudden disappearance, he resurfaces with a slight change in profession. Now equipped with an apron, Tatsu has given up violence and is trying to make an honest living as a house husband.While adapting to mundane household tasks, Tatsu finds that being a house husband has its own challenges, from the battlefield known as supermarket sales to failures in the kitchen. Despite living peacefully, misunderstandings seem to follow him left and right. Gokushufudou follows the daily life of the comically serious ex-yakuza as he leaves behind his dangerous previous life to become a stay-at-home husband.
 Second part of Gokushufudou.
 Second part of Gokushufudou.
 Second season of Gokushufudou.
 Second season of Gokushufudou.
 Kintarou Oe doesn’t look like it, but he is a genius who completed all his university courses and then quit before graduating. He becomes a wandering student, going from place to place on his bicycle, seeking to learn what he can about life, the world, and women. He is willing and able to do any job he has to prove himself. His travels take him to a variety of locations and a variety of women, each who learns to love the hardworking guy, but not before he can run off.
 Short anime series of Golden Kamuy streamed on the official website.
 In Hokkaido, the far northern lands of Japan, Sugimoto survived the Russo-Japanese war of the Meiji era. Nicknamed "Sugimoto the Immortal" during the war, he now seeks the riches promised by the gold rush in hopes of saving the widowed wife of his now deceased comrade from the war. During his hunt of gold, he finds hints of a hidden stash of gold by corrupt criminals. Partnering with an Ainu girl that saves his life from the harsh climates of the north, they venture into a survival adventure to race against the criminals that seek the hidden stash.
 In Hokkaido, the far northern lands of Japan, Sugimoto survived the Russo-Japanese war of the Meiji era. Nicknamed "Sugimoto the Immortal" during the war, he now seeks the riches promised by the gold rush in hopes of saving the widowed wife of his now deceased comrade from the war. During his hunt of gold, he finds hints of a hidden stash of gold by corrupt criminals. Partnering with an Ainu girl that saves his life from the harsh climates of the north, they venture into a survival adventure to race against the criminals that seek the hidden stash.
 Second season of Golden Kamuy.
 Second season of Golden Kamuy.
 Third season of Golden Kamuy.
 Third season of Golden Kamuy.
 Fourth season of Golden Kamuy.
 Fourth season of Golden Kamuy.
 Bundled with the 15th volume of the Golden Kamuy manga.
 Tada Banri, a newly admitted student at a private law school in Tokyo, found himself completely lost after the opening ceremony, trying to find his way to the freshman orientation. At that moment, he ran into another lost freshman from the same school, Yanagisawa Mitsuo, and they hit it off at once. Somehow arriving at their intended goal just on time, there appeared in front of the two a beautiful girl holding a bouquet of roses.The girl then whacked Mitsuo across the face with the bouquet and handed the flowers over to him. “Freshman, congratulations”, was all she said, and then left. The stylish, well dressed, perfect woman that had swung at Mitsuo was his childhood friend, Kaga Kouko. As children they had promised to marry each other one day, fulfilling their dreams. In order to escape from her, Mitsuo had gone out secretly and taken the examination for this well known private college, but now she showed up in the freshman orientation hall. She too had taken the law school entrance examination, catching up with him there.
 Duke Togo, or as he is more widely known, “Golgo 13?, is a M16 bearing assassin who will take on any job for the right price. Anyone can hire him, including private citizens and world governments. If he’s not bedding women he’s infiltrating a hostile country, waiting hours for the perfect shot in the most extreme conditions.Golgo 13 is just as adept in the urban jungle. Those who deal with him must make sure not to cross the Duke or they might find themselves the target of his rifle.
 Golgo 13 is not his real name. Then again, neither is Duke Togo, Tadashi Togo, or any number of the aliases he goes by. A man of mystery, not even the world’s most prominent intelligence agencies can determine who Golgo really is, or just where he came from. But all agree that his skills are nothing short of legendary.Armed with a custom M16, Golgo is willing to take any job for any agency, from the FBI to the KGB. He has completed every contract he has ever taken and will work for anyone who can meet his price. He is both the greatest weapon and the greatest threat to any nation; no one is safe once they are in Golgo’s sights.
 Master assassin Golgo 13 is hired by the advisor of presidential candidate Robert Hardy to assassinate "Queen Bee," the beautiful and deadly leader of a South American guerilla army. Golgo, however, finds this job too easy and digs further information to find out the true connection between Hardy and Queen Bee.
 Master assassin Golgo 13 is hired by the advisor of presidential candidate Robert Hardy to assassinate "Queen Bee," the beautiful and deadly leader of a South American guerilla army. Golgo, however, finds this job too easy and digs further information to find out the true connection between Hardy and Queen Bee.
 After assassinating the son of business tycoon Leonard Dawson, Golgo 13 finds himself prey to the CIA and the U.S. Army, whom Dawson has personally hired to kill the assassin. As days pass by, Dawson slowly loses his sanity as he continues to plot every attempt to kill Golgo 13 even without caring about who hired the assassin to kill his son.
 The Gon series features the completely wordless adventures of the irascible title character, a tiny fictional dinosaur, as he interacts with the natural world. Gon somehow survived the extinction of his fellow dinosaurs and interacts with paleolithic animals.
 Gongitsune is a famous Japanese children's story about the life of a little fox called Gon. The story is considered the masterpiece of Nankichi Niimi, also sometimes known as the Hans Christian Andersen of Japan.Gon is a little fox. Looking for food he comes to a little village where he repeatedly steals food and creates other mischief, constantly evading the angry villagers.
 Gonglyong Mecard is a spin-off-series of Mecard, based on the idea that dinosaurs didn't become extinct 65 million years ago, but transformed into mecanimals. Its characters don't have any relations to the cast from Turning Mecard, Turning Mecard W and Turning Mecard R.
 Teen misfits Roma, Toto, and Drop call themselves the "Don Glees," an informal name for their backyard adventures. One day, when the trio gets blamed for a nearby forest fire, they set off into the woods to prove their innocence. As disaster strikes their expedition, tensions flare between the friends as they realize that growing up has taken them on wildly different paths in life.
 Teen misfits Roma, Toto, and Drop call themselves the "Don Glees," an informal name for their backyard adventures. One day, when the trio gets blamed for a nearby forest fire, they set off into the woods to prove their innocence. As disaster strikes their expedition, tensions flare between the friends as they realize that growing up has taken them on wildly different paths in life.
 A school comedy about a mute transfer student, Tadashi Iketo, who is constant­ly shuffled from school to school for his "violent nature," though he really is a mild-mannered boy constantly taunt­ed into fights over his simian appearance.
 The Yomota family is small and typical
 GOSHO collection reveals the origin of the smash hit "Detective Conan." "GO" into his world, and we will "SHO" you SEVEN romantic and exciting stories created by GOSHO AOYAMA.
 Remy Shimoda is in a hurry. She's on her way to a reunion with the other members of the Go Shogun team, and she's late. A police action with some robbers gets in her way, so she runs the robbers off the road. Her vision blurs and she gets into an accident. The movie splits into two with one plot following Remy's slow decline at the hospital with the Go Shogun members and former enemies at her side, and her experience in a strange city where she, and the rest of the team have their deaths foretold. Remy, herself, is plagued by visions of her death, and visitations from a threatening girl and her panther-like cat. The temple at the center of the city is the key, so the team sets out to battle their way into it. Based on the giant robot series "Go Shogun", this is a story focusing on Remy, the female member of the team.
 The story concerns Gauche, a professional cellist. During rehearsals for a performance, he is scolded by the conductor because his playing is not good enough. His timing is off and he seems to have no feel for the music.Gauche returns to his lonely cottage and starts practicing. Enter a cat who tricks him into understanding the inner meaning of the music. The importance of practice is shown by a cuckoo, rhythm by a badger and tenderness by a mouse. In four days he learns the true meaning and feeling of music and develops into a great musician.Laced with popular classical music this special combines fun and inspiration for all ages and audiences.
 GOSICK takes place in 1924 in a small, made-up European country of Sauville. The story centers on Kazuya Kujo, the third son of a Japanese Imperial soldier, who is a transfer student to St. Marguerite Academy, where urban legends and horror stories are all the rage.There he meets Victorique, a mysterious yet beautiful and brilliant girl who never comes to class and spends her days reading the entire content of the library or solving mysteries that even detectives can’t solve
 Xena traveled into a romantic story whose author was her closest friend. She dated the prince of all girls there! But wait! Was she an evil one in that story? Fortunately, this fate will be rewritten soon ... When Xena meets the richest boy at school, what will happen?
 Story of a girl born with a bad leg. Ritsuko longs to go to school and make lots of friends but it is not so easy. Her mother is very protective of her and at school she is teased by her classmates for her strange way of walking. Will she manage to keep her smile?
 Fuutarou Uesugi is a poor, antisocial ace student who one day meets the rich transfer student Itsuki Nakano. They argue but when Uesugi realizes he is to be her tutor, he tries to get on better terms. While trying to do so he meets four other girls.
 Fuutarou Uesugi is a poor, antisocial ace student who one day meets the rich transfer student Itsuki Nakano. They argue but when Uesugi realizes he is to be her tutor, he tries to get on better terms. While trying to do so he meets four other girls.
 Unidentified creatures "Archon" suddenly appear and bring the human beings to a crisis of extinction. A special corps "Goulart Knights" is formed to counter attack Archon. The knights have supernatural power to generate "Holy Grail" from their spirits and battle against Archon.
 The year is 20XX. Mysterious huge robots called "Giant Robo (GR)" started to appear all over the world and destroy cities. The earth was covered with fear. And their next target is Japan! The hero of this animation Daisaku Kusama, who works in a diving shop, encounters a mysterious girl, simply called V who leads him to make a contract with an enormous robot "Giant Robo 1 (GR1)" at the ancient ruins (Minami Yonaguni Island) in Okinawa.He made a contract with UNISOM (good guys) and was approved to be a commander of GR1. Thus his battle has begun against GRO (bad guys) and creates a lot of dramas. Before long, Giant Robo of the 21st century will ask the world the true meaning of its power.
 In a world that long ago featured the existence of magic, but has long since lost that ability. The story begins when the very normal high school student Mangetsu Kohinata meets Shingetsu Ernesta Fukami, who has migrated back to Japan from Germany, on a night with a full moon.
 This is a world of the skies, where many islands drift in the sky. A boy named Gran and a talking winged lizard named Vyrn lived in Zinkenstill, an island which yields mysteries. One day, they come across a girl named Lyria. Lyria had escaped from the Erste Empire, a military government that is trying to rule over this world using powerful military prowess. In order to escape from the Empire, Gran and Lyria head out into the vast skies, holding the letter Gran's father left behind - which said, "I will be waiting at Estalucia, Island of Stars".
 Second season of Granblue Fantasy The Animation.

 "The Masked Cypher Descends!"Far away on a remote island, Gran steps into the ring for an exhibition match of ritual proportion. Once a year, top fighters from around the island must gather together for a duel to appease the gods, and anything less than victory could spell grave disaster for the locals.After grinding through some grueling training to master the art of wrestling, Gran enters his match as the mysterious masked fighter, the Masked Cypher."A Tale of St. Albion Girls' Academy"Djeeta is just an ordinary student at St. Albion Girls' Academy, who one day, while spending some time in the animal shed, finds herself smitten with her upper classman.That upperclassman's name is Katalina, who is renowned for both her wit and beauty. Even as Djeeta shrinks back from Katalina's majesty, the two gradually grow closer.Unbeknownst to them, however, not everyone is excited for their newfound affection.
 Unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Granblue Fantasy The Animation.
 On a continent ruled by chaos, the Lords have the power of a holy seal that can calm the chaos and protect the people. However, before anyone realizes it, the rulers cast aside their creed of purifying the chaos, and instead start to fight each other for each other's holy seals to gain dominion over one another. Shiruuka, an isolated mage who scorns the Lords for abandoning their creed, and a wandering knight named Theo, who is on a journey to train to one day liberate his hometown, make an everlasting oath to work together to reform this continent dominated by wars and chaos.
 The continent of Atlatan once again finds itself devoured by the flames of war after a horrific event known as the Great Hall Tragedy. What was supposed to be a joyful occasion that would establish peace between the Fantasia Union and the Factory Alliance, the marriage of Sir Alexis Douse and Lady Marrine Kreische, was instead a tragedy. As the bride and groom walked down the aisle, the ceremony was suddenly interrupted by a powerful convergence of "Chaos," a dark energy from another dimension that corrupts the land and brings forth monsters and demons into the world. From within that energy appeared the Demon Lord of Diabolos, an evil being who instantly murdered the archdukes of both factions, shattering any hope for peace between them.Having failed to prevent this disaster, Siluca Meletes, an Alliance mage, is traveling through the Chaos-infested countryside to study under a master magician. When she is intercepted by a group of soldiers working with the Federation, Siluca is rescued by Theo Cornaro, a young warrior carrying a mysterious "Crest," a magical symbol that gives its wielder the ability to banish Chaos. Bearing no allegiance to a specific domain, Theo hopes to attain the rank of Lord so that he can liberate his home town of Sistina from its tyrannical ruler and the Chaos spreading within it. Impressed by his noble goal, Siluca enters into a magical contract with Theo, and the two embark on a journey to restore balance to their war-torn land.
 Among the seaside town of Izu's ocean waves and rays of shining sun, Iori Kitahara is just beginning his freshman year at Izu University. As he moves into his uncle's scuba diving shop, Grand Blue, he eagerly anticipates his dream college life, filled with beautiful girls and good friends.But things don't exactly go according to plan. Upon entering the shop, he encounters a group of rowdy, naked upperclassmen, who immediately coerce him into participating in their alcoholic activities. Though unwilling at first, Iori quickly gives in and becomes the heart and soul of the party. Unfortunately, this earns him the scorn of his cousin, Chisa Kotegawa, who walks in at precisely the wrong time. Undeterred, Iori still vows to realize his ideal college life, but will things go according to plan this time, or will his situation take yet another dive?
 Mitsunari Tokugawa, the organizer of the historic Tokugawa underground fighting ring, has created a tournament featuring 38 of the world's best fighters, many of whom are grandmasters in their respective form of martial arts. With the exception of weapons, anything goes in Tokugawa's ring so that each fighter is able to showcase their true power and strongest secret moves.Baki Hanma earned a place in the tournament due to his status as the reigning champion of Tokugawa's fighting ring. Will he be able to come out on top?
 In the latter part of World War II, a boy and his sister, orphaned when their mother is killed in the firebombing of Tokyo, are left to survive on their own in what remains of civilian life in Japan. The plot follows this boy and his sister as they do their best to survive in the Japanese countryside, battling hunger, prejudice, and pride in their own quiet, personal battle.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 All Shuichi ever dreamed about was following in the footsteps of his pop idol, Ryuichi Sakuma and the band Nittle Grasper. Together with his best friend Hiro, Shuichi's formed a band called Bad Luck and they've even managed to get signed to a major recording label! Unfortunately, the studio deadlines are looming and Shuichi still hasn't finished the lyrics for any of the songs. What he needs is a little inspiration... but he's been running a little low in that department lately. While Hiro recommends finding a girlfriend, fate has other things in store for him...Walking through the park late one night, Shuichi's latest lyrics flutter away and land at the feet of a stunning stranger that takes his breath away. Unfortunately, that mysterious stranger happens to be the famous novelist Eiri Yuki, who completely crushes the young singer by telling him he has "zero talent". Now, Shuichi's so annoyed that he's managed to finish his song just so he can find and confront Yuki once again. But, are his actions really motivated by anger, or has he actually fallen in love?
 Plot Summary
 Bad Luck's lead singer and lyricist, Shindou Shuichi, is a total wreck. With deadlines for the band's next album looming, the pressure is on, but the normally energetic Shuichi has become listless and fallen into a writing slump. It's all because Yuki - the great love of his life - has suddenly become cold and distant. Depressed and anxious, Shuichi doesn't want to think about lyrics - he just wants to know how to get Yuki to talk to him!Now, thanks to Shuichi's big mouth bragging to the press about how talented he is, the band can't even hire someone else to write the lyrics for them. If they don't manage to break Shuichi out of his slump soon, it could mean the end of Bad Luck for good!
 The 20-minute animation that bridges the gap between the original Gravity Rush and Gravity Rush 2. Featuring Kat "Gravity Queen" and her friends Raven and Syd. Can they find more clues about the fearsome enemy threatening to unravel the fabric of the universe?
 A manga comic book and anime television series by manga artist Go Nagai, made as a direct continuation of the successful Mazinger Z series. It was aired on Japan in 1974, immediately following the end of the first Mazinger series.
 Go Nagai crossover movie.
 Go Nagai crossover movie.
 Plot Summary
 Onizuka is a reformed biker gang leader who has his sights set on an honorable new ambition
 To succeed to his father, Lid Kail sets out a journey to defeat the incarnation of the evil that seems to dominate the world. Longn and Mimau also began to journey to achieve his father’s will. On their way, Key and Bagda join them. They overcome some difficulties, and finally they met Vaii, the evil. They managed to beat Vaii, but it still doesn't solve their problem...
 The animated form of the Korean manhwa.
 A Korean animated full-feature film about the gods in ancient Greece. It was created to teach young people about ancient Greece and its myths.
 Kanenone Academy was an all-boys high school isolated from the world by mountains and hills. Yusuke Takasaki, the average 11th grader, led a normal life in the academy until the academy announced attempting for co-ed, and high-school girls were being transferred for the summer semester.
 Kanenone Gakuen is an all-male boarding school located in the countryside of Japan. Although an all-male school is nothing new, life can become quite difficult when there are no female students for miles around. In order to help the psychological health of everyone involved, the school board has decided to try and merge with the nearest all-girl boarding school in order to become co-ed. The boys of Kanenone are more than thrilled at the prospect, and the girls are curious as to how interesting school life might become if there were more boys around. Before any serious decisions are made, the girls have been invited to stay at Kanenone for one month as a test.Green Green follows Yuusuke Takazaki and his naughty room mates called the Baka (Idiot) Trio, and their ability to talk to the girls without making complete fools of themselves. But as soon as the school bus with the girls arrives, things become weird, hormonal, and hysterical. In particular, a girl named Midori Chitose leaps off the bus and immediately embraces a very confused Yuusuke. Is he a natural ladies' man, or do the two of them have a shared history that he is not aware of?
 Kanenone Academy was an all-boys high school isolated from the world by mountains and hills. Yusuke Takasaki, the average 11th grader, led a normal life in the academy until the academy announced attempting for co-ed, and high-school girls were being transferred for the summer semester.
 A story of future Earth - A warning for mankind
 A story of future Earth - A warning for mankind
 The first series is a set of 25 stories about a male businessman arriving at the hotel after taking a train home from work. He encounters the mysterious owner of the hotel, an old mouse known as Gregory, who suggests that he stay a while. Soon, the man becomes drawn into a bizarre series of events taking place within Gregory House as he tries desperately to escape from this bizarre purgatory.
 The fourth series, The Bloody Karte (presented as a side series on the DVDs) is a set of 12 stories about Catherine working in a mysterious hospital.
 The third series, The Last Train is set with 26 stories during a bizarre train ride that Gregory embarks upon.
 The second series, The Second Guest is similarly set with 25 stories, except this time the main victim is a woman who has just taken a taxi home from her best friend's wedding ceremony.
 Rushuna is a blonde and very beautiful Senshi (gun expert) that travels through the world with one purpose. This is to make the world a peaceful place by instead of fighting with weapons, taking away the people´s will to fight by giving them a smile. Although she doesn´t want to fight, she is forced too and shows amazing gun skills. In this journey she meets Yajiro, a Mercenary that uses a sword to fight and joins her on her journey
 Rushuna is a blonde and very beautiful Senshi (gun expert) that travels through the world with one purpose. Which is to make the world a peaceful place by, instead of fighting with weapons, taking away the people's will to fight by giving them a smile. Although she doesn't want to fight, she is forced to, and shows amazing gun skills. In this journey she meets Yajirou, a mercenary that uses a sword to fight and joins her on her journey.
 A giant sea monster known as "Dragonsaurus" has emerged from out of nowhere, terrorizing the depths of the oceans. Great Mazinger, Grendizer and the Getter Robo G team join forces to combat the new threat. But their task becomes more complicated when Dragonsaurus swallows up Boss Borot and makes its way toward Tokyo.

 Based on Grimm Brothers' Fairy Tales
 "Kin No Tori" is an adaptation of the homonymous fairy tale "The Golden Bird" by Brothers Grimm.A golden apple is stolen from the King's garden. The King orders his three sons to guard the apples in turn and to find out who is the thief. When the youngest son, Hansu, presents a feather that he got from the golden bird that stole the apple the king sends his three sons to bring this bird to him and so Hansu journey begins.
 Every episode is a stand-alone retelling of a different fairy or folk tale. Not all of them are based on the fairy tales collected by the Brothers Grimm.
 The series consists of mostly stand-alone episodes which retell different fairy or folk tales. Despite the title, they are not all based on fairy tales collected by the Grimm Brothers.
 The game takes place in a world created by a beings known as "Story Tellers." At birth, all inhabitants of this world are bestowed with a "book of fate" where all their lives are written in advance. However, rogue Story Tellers known as Chaos Tellers are writing bad events into people's books without them knowing. It is up to the holders of blank books of fate to seek out the Chaos Tellers and restore the world.
 Mihama Academy - on the surface, a closed learning environment established to nurture students who find themselves at odds with the world around them; in actuality, a prison built to preserve fruit that has fallen too far from its tree.Whatever the circumstances behind its establishment, Mihama Academy is at present home to five female students, all with their own reasons for "enrollment". For better or worse, each girl has established a routine obliging of her current situation; life moves at an idle, yet accommodating pace within the walls of Mihama.Yet with the arrival of the institute's first male student, the nearly preposterously opaque Kazami Yuuji, the students at Mihama begin to fall out of step with their predetermined rhythms. Will Yuuji prove to be the element the girls around him needed to take hold of their lives once more, or will the weight of their pasts prove too steep a wall to overcome?And in the first place, just who is he? While the true nature of the "job" he is wont to alight to at the most haphazard of moments remains shrouded in secrecy, one thing is for certain
 Specials episode of Grisaia no Kajitsu
 The story picks up immediately after the events of Grisaia no Meikyuu, with Kazami Yuuji having been detained for suspected involvement with an international terrorist organization, lead by Heath Oslo, that has managed to enter Japan's borders with a devastating new weapon of mass destruction in hand. Meanwhile, at Mihama Academy, the remaining students find themselves with time running out - due to financial issues, the school is set to close within the month. Over the past year, though, the girls of Mihama have finally begun to find their own legs, thanks to Yuuji's involvement - are they really just going to bury their heads in the sand and let the world change around them? And are they really willing to let the man who changed their lives slip away without so much as trying to win him back? As the end of their time at Mihama Academy approaches, Amane, Makina, Sachi, Yumiko, and Michiru find themselves arriving at a single conclusion.How much a group of students can do in the face of countries and organizations far bigger than any individual could hope to be remains to be seen. In the first place, Yuuji's position is far more complicated than any of them could have imagined, as he finds himself embroiled in an elaborate game of super-political chess revolving around both himself and an inconceivable new system slumbering in the depths of CIRS - a system that Yuuji may have more of a connection to than he thinks. One thing is for certain, though - the girls of Mihama are no longer willing to let the world steal things away from them without at least a bit of resistance first. And with help from a mysterious individual known only as Thanatos, they may just achieve their goal...
 Short specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
 Following the Heath Oslo incident, the existence of the US-Japanese anti-terror organization CIRS has become a matter of public knowledge. CIRS has been rebuilt from the ground up, and its most covert functions spun off to a new agency

 Sequel to Grisaia
 The Gaira aliens, hidden in the Arctic, plan to conquer Earth. Captured and forced to work for the aliens, Dr. Yan creates the ultimate weapon, a transformable aerial robot called Groizer X. Entrusted to his daughter Rita, Groizer X escapes the clutches of the Gaira and lands in Japan, where pilot Jo Kaisaka meets a wounded Rita. Taking up the controls of Groizer X, Jo and Rita fight against the Gaira invasion.
 Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with regular armed forces.
 A father with lots of love is often tormented endlessly by his daughter in everyday life. But this father would often look on all the troubles created by this child with a warm and loving heart. This is the super healing and cute series about the daily life of this father and daughter, it’s warm loving and interesting too.
 Her name is Mikami and she is a Ghost Sweeper by profession. She's also the sexiest exorcist/bounty hunter you will ever meet! When an evil vampire sorcerer returns to Tokyo after a 100-year absence, Mikami is hired to track him and his menacing assistant down before they take over the city.
 Her name is Mikami and she is a Ghost Sweeper by profession. She's also the sexiest exorcist/bounty hunter you will ever meet! When an evil vampire sorcerer returns to Tokyo after a 100-year absence, Mikami is hired to track him and his menacing assistant down before they take over the city.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved.
 The story revolves around a little girl named Kohina. Kohina ends up summoning a Kokkuri-san, a low-ranking ghost in Japanese folklore. The Kokkuri-san she calls turns out to be a white-haired handsome, young man. At first he had intended to merely haunt her, but soon he becomes worried about her terrible eating habit of cup ramen for every meal. He later decides to haunt her in order to protect her.
 Short episodes included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 Kwai Boo is a 2015 Chinese animated science fiction comedy film directed by Yunfei Wang.
 The theatrical anime film is a full digital (3-D) action/horror film based on a manga by Tamaki Hisao, best known to Western fans for his manga adaptation of Star Wars
 After the outbreak of the unidentified virus “Lost Christmas” in 2029, Japan has been under the control of a multi-nation organization called GHQ. Ohma Shu is a 17 year old boy who has a psychic power in his right hand. He can use the power “Ability of King” to extract tools or weapons from his friends. He has been avoiding making trouble for others but his life changes when he meets a girl Yuzuriha Inori, a member of a resistance guerrilla group called “Undertaker”, whose members pilot mecha weapons to fight against the government.
 In 2029, Scrooge escapes from a research facility where he had been confined as an experimental subject. His body was remodeled by genetic manipulations and he uses his psychic power to kill the chasers. One day, he meets another experimental subject called Carol. When three psychic chasers hunt down the two, Carol asks Scrooge to use his right arm to extract a weapon from her body.
 The ancient kingdom of Parro has been invaded by the armies of Mongaul, and its king and queen have been slain. But the “twin pearls of Parro,” the princess Rinda and the prince Remus, escape using a strange device hidden in the palace. Lost in the Forest of Rood, they are rescued from Mongaul soldiers by a strange leopard-headed man named Guin, who has no memories except for the word “Aurra.”
 The ancient kingdom of Parros has been invaded by the armies of Mongaul, and its king and queen have been slain. But the "twin pearls of Parros," the princess Rinda and the prince Remus, escape using a strange device hidden in the palace. Lost in Roodwood, they are rescued from Mongaul soldiers by a strange leopard-headed man, who has no memories except for the words "Aurra" and "Guin," which he believes to be his name.
 Ted meets the aged professor Gulliver in a deep, dark forest. Accompanied by Mack the dog, a toy soldier called The General, and the Crow, the two set off on a journey to the Planet of Blue Hope in their spaceship the Gulliver.
 Ted meets the aged professor Gulliver in a deep, dark forest. Accompanied by Mack the dog, a toy soldier called The General, and the Crow, the two set off on a journey to the Planet of Blue Hope in their spaceship the Gulliver.
 It is a harsh and barren wasteland, where the weak aren't allowed to dream. It is also a sacred land for true men, for there is no place a man can feel more alive. This is the Gun Frontier. Sea Pirate Captain Harlock and the errant samurai, Tochiro arrive in the United States on the Western Frontier. Along with a mysterious woman they meet along the way, the two friends challenge sex rings, bandits, and corrupt sheriff. They are searching for a lost clan of Japanese immigrants, and they will tear Gun Frontier from end to end until they find it.
 It is a harsh and barren wasteland, where the weak aren't allowed to dream. It is also a sacred land for true men, for there is no place a man can feel more alive. This is the Gun Frontier. Sea Pirate Captain Harlock and the errant samurai, Tochiro arrive in the United States on the Western Frontier. Along with a mysterious woman they meet along the way, the two friends challenge sex rings, bandits, and corrupt sheriff. They are searching for a lost clan of Japanese immigrants, and they will tear Gun Frontier from end to end until they find it.
 Plot Summary
 The adventures of a whiny teenage Miyamoto Musashi, his electro-sword and demon-sealing revolvers, and his quest to win the love of the beautiful Kaguyahime.
 Gunbuster is the story of Noriko Takaya, a young girl who is trying to walk in the footsteps of her famous father, Admiral Yuzo Takaya.It chronicles Noriko’s trials and tribulations as she struggles to become a pilot of the massive robot Gunbuster. With the help of Coach Ota and her friends Kazumi and Jung, Noriko conquers her fears and learns one of the most important lessons in life
 Gunbuster is the story of Noriko Takaya, a young girl who is trying to walk in the footsteps of her famous father, Admiral Yuzo Takaya. It chronicles Noriko’s trials and tribulations as she struggles to become a pilot of the massive robot Gunbuster. With the help of Coach Ota and her friends Kazumi and Jung, Noriko conquers her fears and learns one of the most important lessons in life
 In the very near future, a race of huge, insect like aliens is discovered traveling the galaxy. These aliens seem dedicated to the eradication of the human species as it takes its first steps away from the solar system, and they are getting closer and closer to Earth. Humanity has responded by developing spacegoing battleships and giant fighting robots (original idea there). These robots are piloted by the best and brightest of Earth's youth, picked from training schools around the world.The story begins in the year 2023, not long after the first battles with the aliens, and centers on young Takaya Noriko. Although Noriko's father was a famous Captain in the space fleet who was killed during one of the first battles of the war, her own talents as a pilot are questionable. Nonetheless, she has entered a training school. Through the series Noriko, joined by the beautiful and talented Amano Kazumi, will fight to overcome the trauma of war, the doubts of her peers, and her own lack of confidence.
 In the distant future, mankind's dependence on fossil fuels will lead to their complete depletion, an energy crisis unlike anything the world witnessed. Out of retaliation and fear, humanity began focusing at an alternative source of energy
 It is now the year A.D. 2314. 2 years after the abolishment of A-Laws and the defeat of the Innovators. Setsuna's Innovator powers have awakened, but the world's exposure to GN Particles has resulted in many people within the world evolving into true Innovators.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary

 The Gunpla Force Battle Tournament is a big event held in GBN once per year. Competing in the final round are Avalon, led by the champion Kyoya Kujo, and the elite 7th Panzer Division led by the cunning Rommel. Starting with Kyoya's Gundam AGE II Magnum, a variety of Gunpla take to the field to determine which is the strongest force!
 Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN) is a new network game that lets people enjoy a variety of missions using Gunpla in a virtual cyberspace dimension. Middle-school students Riku Mikami and Yukio Hidaka recruit their classmate Momoka Yashiro and dive together into this vast world. Becoming "Divers," or inhabitants of GBN, they meet a mysterious girl named Sarah who has an amazing sensitivity to Gunpla. They begin playing alongside her, but...There are many other famous Divers, starting with Kyoya Kujo, the champion whom Riku admires. Multiple Divers can join to form a team called a "force." Meanwhile, the game is disrupted by Mass-Divers who use unofficial tools called break decals. Through many encounters and experiences, Riku and his friends will build not only Gunpla, but their own adventures as well!
 The Gunpla Force Battle Tournament is a big event held in GBN once per year. Competing in the final round are Avalon, led by the champion Kyoya Kujo, and the elite 7th Panzer Division led by the cunning Rommel. Starting with Kyoya's Gundam AGE II Magnum, a variety of Gunpla take to the field to determine which is the strongest force!
 New Gundam Rebuild Divers series to stream via Official Gundam Channel.
 New Gundam Rebuild Divers series streamed via Official Gundam Channel.Two years have passed since the legendary force Build Divers battled the second Coalition of Volunteers to save the EL-Diver. Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN), where these events took place, has been upgraded to provide sensory feedback for more realistic play. But as GBN becomes even more exciting, there are Divers who play with their own motivations in mind. Hiroto is a Diver who wanders alone through the Dimension, playing as a mercenary. Kazami is a frivolous, independent Diver who joins one party after another, pursuing the one he admires. May is a solo Diver surrounded by an aura of mystery, who plays Gunpla Battle night and day. And Parviz is a lonely novice Diver who is interested in team play, but out of shyness, he has never managed to seize the opportunity. Each of them is alone, but the course of events will end up uniting them into a new team of Build Divers. What awaits Hiroto and the others is a boundless super-experience that far transcends GBN.
 The second season of Gundam Build Divers Re
 A beam of light, fired from an orbital satellite at the end of their fierce battle, forced Hiroto and his teammates to face the possibility that the planet Eldora where they have been battling doesn't just exist within the network game Gunpla Battle Online (GBN), but is part of the real world. For a time, this realization brought the Build Divers to a halt.However, their bond with Freddie and the other people of Eldora, who fought with them against the One-eyes, brings Hiroto, Kazami, May, and Parviz back together again. To find Masaki Shido, the Diver whose consciousness is still trapped on Eldora... To discover the true nature of Alus, the mysterious leader of the One-eyes... And most of all, to save Freddie and their other precious comrades. There is still a remaining "mission" they must clear on Eldora. With the power of their newly built Gunpla, the true battle of the second Build Divers will now begin.
 It's the highlight of GBN's anniversary event, the "Gunpla Battle One-Day Battle Royal"!Participants are selected from the Divers who played most passionately this season, and they're fighting in machines randomly assigned mainly from those Gunpla ranked highest by all Divers in the Great Gunpla Ballot! Now the final round is about to begin, with the tough fighters who've won their respective blocks! There, an unpredictable, super special, never-seen-before Gunpla dream battle will... START!!!
 The story is set in the near future when GunPla Battles, competitions that pit Gundam plastic models against each other, have become popular worldwide in the “Second GunPla Boom.” Sei Iori, a first-year middle-school student and the only son of a model shop owner, is talented at building GunPla, but inexperienced in the GunPla Battles. He encounters a mysterious boy named Reiji, who happens to be an accomplished Gundam Fighter. Together, they strive for the GunPla Battle world championships.
 Though Gundam Plastic Models, better known as Gunpla, exploded in popularity with the release of the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam, their presence faded before resurging with a new purpose. Through the power of Plavsky particles, fans are now able to pit their Gunpla against others in a virtual reality-style battle with the best competing at the annual Gunpla World Tournament. Sei Iori, whose father was a once finalist in the competition, dreams of one day conquering the contest himself. However, while Sei is an expert Gunpla builder, he lacks the prowess to effectively fight his creations during actual battle. In comes Reiji, a mysterious boy who is curiously ignorant of society but quickly demonstrates to Sei tremendous ability in Gunpla battles. The two boys decide to combine their strengths in order to sweep the Gunpla World Tournament and take the Gunpla world by storm.
 Seven years have passed since Iori Sei won the 7th Gunpla Battle Championship World Tournament. The Gunpla Battle Championship is now run by Yajima Trading. With new rules and battle modes, the game's popularity has become even more widespread.However, the Seiho Academy that Iori Sei once attended has failed to catch onto the trend. The only member of the school's Gunpla Battle Club is its president, middle-schooler Hoshino Fumina. Currently there is no way the club can participate in the middle an high-school division of the upcoming All-Japan Gunpla Battle Championship, where players fight in teams of three.Then Fumina meets a new transfer student. He is Kamiki Sekai, a young martial artist who has been traveling with his master. Together with a young Gunpla builder named Kousaka Yuuma, they finally have three members for their team.Kamiki Sekai, Kousaka Yuuma, and Hoshino Fumino - Team TRY FIGHTERS is about to begin its challenge!
 The official Twitter account for the Gundam Build Fighters and Gundam Build Fighters Try television anime reported on Wednesday that original video anime (OVA) projects are launching. According to the producer in charge of the account, director Kenji Nagasaki is planning one Gundam Build Fighters OVA, and director Shinya Watada is planning one Gundam Build Fighters Try OVA.

 This is a dynamic dream battle featuring many types of Gunpla skirmishing in all sorts of situations.
 It has been three years since the end of the Gundam Build Fighters TV series. Now a totally new story starring Iori Sei and friends is set to begin.
 2017


 To build Cosmo Babylonia, a space nation ruled by aristocrats, Crossbone Vanguard, the private army of Rohah's, attacks Space Colony Frontier Side. When his peaceful homeland is destroyed, high school student Seabrook Arno pilots the latest model of Gundam, the Gundam F-91, and joins the resistance.
 Plot Summary
 Recap of Mobile Suit Gundam, Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam, Mobile Suit Gundam ZZ and Mobile Suit Gundam
 To celebrate their respective 40 and 45 year anniversaries, Mobile Suit Gundam and Hello Kitty are coming together for a highly unexpected cross-over.
 It is the year After Colony 195, and war between the Space Colonies and Earth has begun. To give the colonies an edge, they send 5 young soldiers, trained to perfection, to earth in the most powerful of Mobile Suits-Gundams. With their arrival, the tide of the war changes as they battle against the Earth forces and the Colonies of their origin.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 The Universal Century, with its history of colonization and wars, passes into posterity, and time flows on. Mankind enters a new age of seemingly endless peace and prosperity called the Regild Century.The year is R.C. 1014. The Capital Tower, an orbital elevator, connects earth and space. Due to its role in supplying Earth's power by transferring Photon Batteries from space, it is worshiped with a religious fervor. Bellri Zenam, a cadet in the Capital Guard formed to protect Capital Tower, is participating in his first non-simulated exercise when he is attacked by the powerful but unaffiliated G-Self mobile suit. He manages to capture the G-Self while piloting a Recten maintenance mobile suit. However, seeing the G-Self's pilot, a young space pirate named Aida Rayhunton, stirs something within him, as does the G-Self which he was sure he'd never seen before.Aida's mission to attack Capital Tower. Bellri's destiny as a chosen pilot of the G-Self. The truth which will shake the Regild Century.It was all the beginning of the Reconguista.

 The second film compiling the Gundam
 The third film in the five-part Gundam
 The fourth film in the five-part Gundam
 The fifth and final film in the five-part Gundam
 In 2100, the newly built Bayside City serves as Japan's premier international port. The Angel Arms Company is established by a former policewoman named Takako, to help wage war on terrorism with armed security suits. When the mayor is assassinated, the women of Angel Arms end up protecting the evil crime-lord Hassan, in hopes that his information will help bring down a global terror ring. Takako's back is to the wall as a band of criminals plot to kill Hassan, and the organization's leader is revealed to be the former lover of Angel Arms' own Alisa.
 In 2100, the newly built Bayside City serves as Japan's premier international port. The Angel Arms Company is established by a former policewoman named Takako, to help wage war on terrorism with armed security suits. When the mayor is assassinated, the women of Angel Arms end up protecting the evil crime-lord Hassan, in hopes that his information will help bring down a global terror ring. Takako's back is to the wall as a band of criminals plot to kill Hassan, and the organization's leader is revealed to be the former lover of Angel Arms' own Alisa.
 Plot Summary
 Brandon Heat and Harry MacDowel, two friends so close they could be called brothers, receive an abrupt and violent reminder one fateful day of how appallingly merciless the world around them can be. Their whole lives before then were simple and easygoing, consisting largely of local brawls, seducing women, and committing petty theft to make a living and pass the time. What they failed to realize is that in this cruel world, happiness is fleeting, and change is inevitable.Enter Millennion, the largest and most infamous mafia syndicate in the area, which accepts Brandon and Harry into their ranks and starts them at the bottom of the food chain. Harry has ambitions to ascend the ranks and one day replace Big Daddy as the supreme leader of Millennion, while Brandon only wishes to support his friend and appease Big Daddy who has taken custody of the woman Brandon loves.Based off the third-person shooter video game under the same name, Gungrave is an epic story of friendship, betrayal, and avarice that spans the course of several years, ultimately tying back to the gripping and foreboding first episode, all the while building up to the story's thrilling conclusion.
 The story follows three 15-year-old boys who go to a prestigious horse racing academy to become jockeys. The three-year academy is 10 to 20 times harder to enter than most schools, and whoever wishes to enter must pass an academic, physical, and fitness test.Formerly a member of an idol group winning fans and fame, Yuu Arimura sets out to meet what his heart desires after becoming enamored with horse racing. Having grown up on an island, Shun Kanami has always yearned to ride with horses. Amane Grace was born in England and is lost in the path his parents have set for him, but he still takes on his dream.
 One day in the middle of the pacific ocean a miracle occurred, a new continent appeared out of nowhere! The new continent was the home for new and mysterious plants, creatures and minerals!Humanity is excited as the age of exploration has returned.
 A new era of exploration begins with the sudden appearance of a new continent known as Magmell. Magmell's vast trove of never-before-seen natural resources spurs on the exploration of its vast landscape. However, the unknown is not always docile. In order to sustain the expeditions, people known as "anglers" specialize in dealing with Magmell's dangerous wildlife. One such angler is the highly-skilled and experienced Inyou, who performs search and rescue operations for clients with the help of his assistant, Zero.
 An anime series based on the Gunma Prefecture mascot character, Gunma-chan.
 It began in 1945, at the end of the Pacific War. Alien invaders filled the earth's Skies, and mankind was forced to confront an unprecedented threat. For the first time in human history, people of all cultures came together under one banner.This war has now been raging for over fifty years. Countless lives have been lost, and the Japanese military is now forced to rely on young people such as Atsushi Hayami and his high school class, also known as Unit 5121. This new generation fearlessly struggles on with the aid of the HWT humanoid combat machines and the devastating PBE bomb.
 It began in 1945, at the end of the Pacific War. Alien invaders filled the earth's Skies, and mankind was forced to confront an unprecedented threat. For the first time in human history, people of all cultures came together under one banner.This war has now been raging for over fifty years. Countless lives have been lost, and the Japanese military is now forced to rely on young people such as Atsushi Hayami and his high school class, also known as Unit 5121. This new generation fearlessly struggles on with the aid of the HWT humanoid combat machines and the devastating PBE bomb.
 The story focuses and revolves around the 108th Guard Squad, stationed in Aomori. A poorly equipped unit with very little military standing, it is often viewed as a 'reject camp' for pilots not making the grade for the elite units based in Hokkaido. The apparent helpless nature of this force is hardly a deterrent for the encroaching enemy armies, ever closing in on both the 108th and the rest of the empire. The young pilots of the 108th, who had dreamed on returning home, are plunged forcefully and unwillingly into a war.
 3 original anime episodes bundled on a DVD's together with their respective games. For more detailed information see the More Info tab.
 “Henrietta” was an innocent little girl when her entire family was massacred and she was left for dead. She was rescued by a privately-owned social welfare organization and given cybernetic components over her battered body. Brainwashed by the organization, she and four other girls now work as cold-blooded assassins, doing the dirty work for the Italian government.
 In the heart of Italy, the Social Welfare Agency rescues young girls from hospital beds and gives them a second chance at life using the latest in cybernetic advancements. With their artificially enhanced bodies, the girls are brainwashed and trained as assassins to carry out the dirty work of the Italian Government. Despite all the modifications, they are still just children at heart, struggling for recognition from those they love, even knowing the love they feel is manufactured. This tragic tale unfolds as these girls grapple with their emotions in an agency that treats them as nothing but ruthless killers.
 “Henrietta” was an innocent little girl when her entire family was massacred and she was left for dead. She was rescued by a privately-owned social welfare organization and given cybernetic components over her battered body. Brainwashed by the organization, she and four other girls now work as cold-blooded assassins, doing the dirty work for the Italian government.
 “Henrietta” was an innocent little girl when her entire family was massacred and she was left for dead. She was rescued by a privately-owned social welfare organization and given cybernetic components over her battered body. Brainwashed by the organization, she and four other girls now work as cold-blooded assassins, doing the dirty work for the Italian government.
 When the Social Welfare Agency investigates the disappearance of an operative, their inquiry leads them right into the lair of their rival, the Five Republics. The assassin Triela infiltrates the hostile organization, but her search is cut short when she finds herself staring down the barrel of a gun...
 Episodes 14 and 15 of Gunslinger Girl
 Anime adaptation of Square Enix's arcade action game Gunslinger Stratos.
 Rally Vincent knows her weapons well, while her partner Minne May Hopkins loves to play with explosives. The pair run a gun-shop illegally and one day Bill Collins of the ATF, blackmails Rally and Minnie May into working for the ATF. Little do they know, that they are getting involved in a mission larger than they could imagine.
 Rally Vincent knows her weapons well, while her partner Minne May Hopkins loves to play with explosives. The pair run a gun-shop illegally and one day Bill Collins of the ATF, blackmails Rally and Minnie May into working for the ATF. Little do they know, that they are getting involved in a mission larger than they could imagine.
 Lu Jin Nian and Qiao An Hao were not married by choice. On the first day of their wedding night, Qiao An Hao made three rules regarding their marriage. One, you are not allowed to touch me. Two, you are not allowed to announce publicly that I'm your wife. Three, you are not allowed to say that we are living together.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The third season of Guomin Laogong Dai Huijia.
 Anime adaptation of Guraburu!, which is 4-koma manga of Granblue Fantasy.
 The second season of Gurazeni.
 Simon and Kamina were born and raised in a deep, underground village, hidden from the fabled surface. Kamina is a free-spirited loose cannon bent on making a name for himself, while Simon is a timid young boy with no real aspirations. One day while excavating the earth, Simon stumbles upon a mysterious object that turns out to be the ignition key to an ancient artifact of war, which the duo dubs Lagann. Using their new weapon, Simon and Kamina fend off a surprise attack from the surface with the help of Yoko Littner, a hot-blooded redhead wielding a massive gun who wanders the world above.In the aftermath of the battle, the sky is now in plain view, prompting Simon and Kamina to set off on a journey alongside Yoko to explore the wastelands of the surface. Soon, they join the fight against the "Beastmen," humanoid creatures that terrorize the remnants of humanity in powerful robots called "Gunmen." Although they face some challenges and setbacks, the trio bravely fights these new enemies alongside other survivors to reclaim the surface, while slowly unraveling a galaxy-sized mystery.
 Sho Fukamachi, a normal teenager accidentally found an alien object called Unit and thus, changed his life forever. The Unit bonded with Sho, resulting in an incredibly powerful life-form called Guyver. With this great power, Sho battles the mysterious Chronos organization and it's Zoanoids, in order to protect his friends and his world. Unknown to Sho, the battle against Chronos will lead to the discovery of the origins of human, their destiny, and the Creators...
 Gyagu Manga Biyori is an anime that is about absolutely nothing. It is comprised of 12 short stories (5 minutes long each) that only build up a small amount of plot for each story. The anime feeds off the stupidest things, but is quite humorous.
 Itou Kaiji - an ordinary man living an ordinary life. All that changed when he was thrown into debt because of co-signing a contract for a friend. He rode the ship of hope, Espoir, to lift that debt. Kaiji was invited into the night of demons. Traps, betrayal, deceit. Gambles of insanity unfolded one after another. And after countless hardships, he finally reached the king of the underworld.The leader of the Teiai group, Hyoudou Kazutaka. However Kaiji naturally lost, while Hyoudou won. Kaiji was taught a bloody lesson in what makes a true king. That brought the demonic night to a close, paid with Kaiji's blood.Months have passed since then, Kaiji is still living his usual lifestyle of a bum. At the time of loss to Hyoudou his debt was 6.68 million yen, plus an additional 2 million. And with its interest his debt has already reached 9.5 million. Will he be able to repay his debt?
 A rookie lawyer Ryuuichi Naruhodou stands up to save his defendants by proving their innocence from unusual cases!Is the defendant guilty or innocent...? Believing his client's innocence Naruhodou stands in court and battles his rival judges. With the word of "OBJECTION!" and limited evidence, Naruhodou makes a comeback when all odds are against him and seems like there is nothing more he can do. Don't miss out on the comical episodes between him and his mentor Chihiro Ayasato, assistant Mayoi Ayasato, rival prosecutor Reiji Mitsurugi, and numerous unique characters! The anime also depicts the childhood relationship between Naruhodou and his friends. With the skills inherited from his mentor Naruho reveals the truth!
 Adaption of the Ace Attorney Video Game Series starting from the 3rd Game.
 Adaption of the Ace Attorney Video Game Series starting from the 3rd Game.
 Since he was a child, Ryuuichi Naruhodou's dream was to become a defense attorney, protecting the innocent when no one else would. However, when the rookie lawyer finally takes on his first case under the guidance of his mentor Chihiro Ayasato, he realizes that the courtroom is a battlefield. In these fast paced trials, Ryuuichi is forced to think outside the box to uncover the truth of the crimes that have taken place in order to prove the innocence of his clients.Gyakuten Saiban
 Japan, 2019, just before the dawn of a new era. Suddenly, a rift to another dimension appears in the sky, revealing an alternative world "Shinkoku Nippon," with the sky and the earth upside down. This parallel world keeps their former militarism, with its era being Eternal Showa. The military invades the real Japan with giant humanoid robots called "Garann" and their gas weapons "Genmu", rendering our modern weapons ineffective. "Shinkoku Nippon" instantly seizes the government and achieves de facto conquest of Japan. The new era, "Reiwa," has not arrived for Japan.
 Japan, 2019, just before the dawn of a new era. Suddenly, a rift to another dimension appears in the sky, revealing an alternative world "Shinkoku Nippon," with the sky and the earth upside down. This parallel world keeps their former militarism, with its era being Eternal Showa. The military invades the real Japan with giant humanoid robots called "Garann" and their gas weapons "Genmu", rendering our modern weapons ineffective. "Shinkoku Nippon" instantly seizes the government and achieves de facto conquest of Japan. The new era, "Reiwa," has not arrived for Japan.
 The story centers on the growth and paths in life of Nikuko and Kikuko, a mother and daughter who lives on a boat.
 Set in an alternative timeline to the TV series and manga, the movie features a classic Cinderella story told through the medium of 80's dance. Tsukushi Makino is a trainee dancer in a New York Performance group, struggling to become the star of the show with the help of Rui Hanazawa and Tsukasa Doumyouji.

 Hanako is a short, independent anime made by Mitsuru Sasaki. He did all of the animation and even the voice acting himself.
 Anzu goes to a preschool with her friends, the shy Koume and the eccentric Hiiragi. Together they try to attract attention from their caretaker Tsuchida. However, he is clearly more interested in the pretty Yamamoto who supervises the class next door.
 Lecherous high school boy Hanappe is visited by two demons who step from his TV and immediately fall in lust with his mother and sister. The demons turn Hanappe's home into a meeting ground for their demonic friends and grant Hanappe the power of the Hanappe Bazooka. Now his index finger is capable of both a deadly blast and the ability to drive women in a lustful frenzy, but Hanappe isn't very good at controlling it and winds up in serious trouble.
 Yonna and Stan, brother and sister, live in isolation because of their special powers. There are enigmatic people who plot to use their power, in conflict with the king`s government, which is also planning to draw them onto their side. Intrigue surrounds Yonna, and now a new agent comes to see her.
 Kajika Burnsworth is talked into a “Marriage Game” by her father, the mighty boss of the Burnsworth Company. She will meet three men he has chosen and decide which one to marry. If she does, he will tell her what her true destiny is.
 After an invasion by the Vivolian army, the Sprite Himawari and her childhood friend Tsubaki flee their homeland of Floria for the town of Romton. There, they live out their lives in peace... for a time. One day, Himawari's friend and fellow Sprite Ajisai is kidnapped by mysterious strangers. Now Himawari and detective Tsubaki set out to rescue her, but find the dreaded Vivolians standing in their way! A 2D animated special episode aired on the Monster Strike anime channel, promoting the Monster Strike game debut of the Flower 4 series. Despite this, the storyline is standalone and unrelated to previous Monster Strike anime installments.
 Ohana Matsumae is sent to live with her grandmother, who she has never met nor spoken to, at her Taisho-era (1920s) hot springs inn. It’s not a lifestyle that Ohana would have chosen, but she decidesnot to be discouraged and to make the most of her new circumstances.
 Although initially perplexed at the sudden turn of events which led her to live in the hot spring inn Kissuisou, now Ohana is perfectly accustomed to the new lifestyle; she has started to even notice a positive change in herself lately. One day from a neighboring inn Fukuya comes Wakura Yuina on a mission to train herself as an okami, where Ohana is told by her grandmother to assist this naive young girl.Upon tidying up the storeroom Ohana discovers a box amid piles of items scattered around, which is packed with business logs Denroku has made over the years. She picks up a log and finds in it her mother's name, together with the fact that her mother once said she wanted to shine, and there she realizes the minds of both mother and daughter work the same.
 After losing his mother, 12-year-old Taro journeys to Tokyo to live with his grandfather. But he gets the biggest surprise when he discovers that his grandfather’s home is a huge mansion with hundreds of beautiful maids ready to serve him. Making matters worse (at least for Taro, but not for our viewing) is that not only does he inherit the Hanaukyo mansion, he gets the services of all of the maids 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 After losing his mother, 12-year-old Taro journeys to Tokyo to live with his grandfather. But he gets the biggest surprise when he discovers that his grandfather’s home is a huge mansion with hundreds of beautiful maids ready to serve him. Making matters worse (at least for Taro, but not for our viewing) is that not only does he inherit the Hanaukyo mansion, he gets the services of all of the maids 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 After losing his mother, 12-year-old Taro journeys to Tokyo to live with his grandfather. But he gets the biggest surprise when he discovers that his grandfather’s home is a huge mansion with hundreds of beautiful maids ready to serve him. Making matters worse (at least for Taro, but not for our viewing) is that not only does he inherit the Hanaukyo mansion, he gets the services of all of the maids 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 After his mother passes away, Taro Hanaukyo is invited to his grandfather's home. There, he meets a beautiful maid named Mariel and finds out that his grandfather has retired to a remote island and has given him ownership of his estate. Taro also discovers that not only is the estate a colossal mansion, it has hundreds of gorgeous maids ready to serve him 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
 Set during Japan’s Taish? era (1912-1926), a girl named Haru Asagi works as a maid of the Miyanomori family, which is headed by one of Japan’s most powerful magnates. However, the family head suddenly announces that he is retiring, so one of his six sons must assume control of the family.
 Naru Sekiya is an average 14-year-old girl with average intelligence, average athleticism, and average talents. She once had hopes that starting high school would change all that. Unfortunately, the reality could not be further from the truth and she remains a wallflower. Why can't real life be like fairy tales where a handsome prince lifts a poor girl from obscurity and transforms her into a dazzling princess?Her average student life changes when she meets a blonde girl dancing on top of a gate to a shrine. Naru assumes the girl is a fairy, but it turns out she's just a regular girl, too. But it also just so happens that she's a transfer student named Hana from America who fell in love with yosakoi, a type of dance, and came to Japan with the intention to start her own club! Excited that she's classmates with the girl she met the night before, Hana tries to recruit Naru to become the first member of the brand new yosakoi club. Too bad the thought of dancing in front of everyone terrifies her! Can Hana convince Naru to join the club? Will Naru fall in love with yosakoi? Find out in Hanayamata!
 During the winter, Yuichi was hospitalized due to hepatitis. Randomly he would try to escape from the hospital but would get beat up by the nurse. One day, he happened to meet Rika, a girl of his age, in the next building. He was fascinated by her beauty, but she was very selfish girl. Although she led him by the nose, he began to be attracted by her. However, when Rika told him about her illness, he knew why she acted so selfish; she didn’t have long to live.
 Saotome Kazuya is a computer whiz. One day his friend Nanbara, threatens him with a computer virus. Trying to stop the virus, Kazuya ends up making a special order. May is a cyberdoll that arrives at his door a few minutes later and she is 1/6th the size of a normal person, which makes for many awkward situations. Not to mention the fact Kazuya can’t even afford to keep May. Cyberdyne is not satisfied with Kazuya’s non-payments and will do anything to retrieve CBD May.
 Saotome Kazuya is a computer whiz. One day his friend Nanbara, threatens him with a computer virus. Trying to stop the virus, Kazuya ends up making a special order. May is a cyberdoll that arrives at his door a few minutes later and she is 1/6th the size of a normal person, which makes for many awkward situations. Not to mention the fact Kazuya can't even afford to keep May. Cyberdyne is not satisfied with Kazuya's non-payments and will do anything to retrieve CBD May.

 Ayano Hanesaki, a first-year student at Kanagawa Prefectural Kitakomachi High School, has a badminton ability able to surpass others effortlessly yet avoids playing the sport. She meets Nagisa Aragaki, a third-year student who practices day and night aiming to become the best player in Japan. Encouraged by coach Tachibana Kentarou, supported by club colleagues, and fired up by various rivals, the two engage in their youth and adored sport so thrilling like a shuttle flown at high speed!
 Ayano Hanesaki, a first-year student at Kanagawa Prefectural Kitakomachi High School, has a badminton ability able to surpass others effortlessly yet avoids playing the sport. She meets Nagisa Aragaki, a third-year student who practices day and night aiming to become the best player in Japan. Encouraged by coach Tachibana Kentarou, supported by club colleagues, and fired up by various rivals, the two engage in their youth and adored sport so thrilling like a shuttle flown at high speed!
 Based on Square Enix's massively multi-player online role-playing game.
 Based on Square Enix's massively multi-player online role-playing game.
 Second season of Hangyakusei Million Arthur.
 Second season of Hangyakusei Million Arthur.
 Unaired episode bundled with the sixth Blu-ray volume of the Hangyakusei Million Arthur anime series.
 Third season of Hanhua Riji.
 Third part of the Baki series.
 Third part of the Baki series.
 Second season of Hanma Baki
 Years ago, extraterrestrials known as the Citizens of the Stars descended upon the planet of Tokinea and wreaked havoc on humanity. To fight back against them, the military developed the Majin project to create hybrids between humans and the Citizens of the Stars. With this combination of genes, they hope to exploit both the subservience of man and the powers of the alien.Majin no.7, a young girl kept under lock and key in a military base, is released after the Citizens of the Stars launch an attack. Despite possessing a plethora of abilities capable of effortlessly eliminating the enemy, she is burdened with doubt on the battlefield. However, when a boy named Yuuri tells her that she must fight to earn her freedom, Majin no. 7 is inspired by his courage and defeats the remaining Citizens of the Stars. The two decide to embark on a journey together, determined to find their calling in a time when humanity knows no peace.
 Hamaji Youhei, a high school freshman, lives his life aimlessly, lazing around all day. He can't keep up with his studies, no good at sports and won't stick with anything for long. Besides that he's a pervert who's continuously rejected by girls. A sophomore convinces him into joining a club where he could lunge at girls, fondling and touching all he wanted. Thus he joined the Water Polo Club.Can Youhei, who never sticks with anything for long, find his place in this club?
 The daughters of Sesshoumaru and Inuyasha set out on a journey transcending time!In Feudal Japan, Half-Demon twins Towa and Setsuna are separated from each other during a forest fire. While desperately searching for her younger sister, Towa wanders into a mysterious tunnel that sends her into present-day Japan, where she is found and raised by Kagome Higurashi's brother, Souta, and his family.Ten years later, the tunnel that connects the two eras has reopened, allowing Towa to be reunited with Setsuna, who is now a Demon Slayer working for Kohaku. But to Towa's shock, Setsuna appears to have lost all memories of her older sister.Joined by Moroha, the daughter of Inuyasha and Kagome, the three young women travel between the two eras on an adventure to regain their missing past.
 Second season of Hanyou no Yashahime
 Second season of Hanyou no Yashahime
 The daughters of Sesshoumaru and Inuyasha set out on a journey transcending time!In Feudal Japan, Half-Demon twins Towa and Setsuna are separated from each other during a forest fire. While desperately searching for her younger sister, Towa wanders into a mysterious tunnel that sends her into present-day Japan, where she is found and raised by Kagome Higurashi's brother, Souta, and his family.Ten years later, the tunnel that connects the two eras has reopened, allowing Towa to be reunited with Setsuna, who is now a Demon Slayer working for Kohaku. But to Towa's shock, Setsuna appears to have lost all memories of her older sister.Joined by Moroha, the daughter of Inuyasha and Kagome, the three young women travel between the two eras on an adventure to regain their missing past.
 End of the series.
 Continuation of the series.
 Adeu the Sonic, brash young pilot of the Ryu Knight Zephyr, is joined in his travels by Princess Paffy, Priest Izumi and Ninja Sarutobi. They encounter various people of the land, including other Ryus. On the way, Adeu seeks to test his Ryu against others and thereby grow in his abilities.
 In an old world clash between light and darkness (as always), the evil Lord Uongadis is sealed away under a gigantic monument called the Earth Blade. 20 years have passed since the wars, and now the threat of evil being brought back is greater than ever as demons try to revive their lord.
 The ruler of the evil Phantom Empire (???? Gen'ei Teikoku), Queen Mirage, begins her invasion on Earth using an army of Choiarks and powerful monsters called Saiarks. All across the world, Pretty Cures are dispatched to fight against the Phantom Empire threat. Hime Shirayuki, a princess from the Blue Sky Kingdom (???????? Bur? Sukai ?koku), which was taken over by the Phantom Empire, joins the fight as a Pretty Cure named Cure Princess, but always finds herself running away scared.Given a Crystal of Love by the Spirit of Earth, Blue, and told to seek out a partner to fight alongside her, Hime goes to the city of Pikarigaoka (?????) and randomly throw the crystal in the air, deciding to partner up with whoever it lands upon. This person turns out to be Megumi Aino, a kind-hearted girl always looking to help others, who is recruited by Hime to fight by her side as Cure Lovely. Using the power of the PreCards and their changing forms, alongside Cure Honey and Cure Fortune, they form the HappinessCharge Pretty Cure team as they are given the task to collect all of the PreCards and defend the Earth against the Phantom Empire.
 Upcoming movie of Happiness Charge PreCure!
 Kamizaka Haruhi having been rescued when was young by a mage, longed to be a mage herself, so she enrolled into a special school that allows regular and magic classes into two different sections. Together with her rival/best friend, Hiiragi Anri, they study together magic while she is searching for the boy that saved her years ago, to give him a Valentines’ chocolate.
 Kamizaka Haruhi having been rescued when was young by a mage, longed to be a mage herself, so she enrolled into a special school that allows regular and magic classes into two different sections. Together with her rival/best friend, Hiiragi Anri, they study together magic while she is searching for the boy that saved her years ago, to give him a Valentines’ chocolate.
 After being abused by her mother physically and mentally Asuka gets taken in by her grandparents. Slowly she learns her own worth as a human being and overcomes many obstacles.
 Happy Happy Clover recounts the everyday life of a bunny named Chima and the other animals in the Crescent Moon Forest.
 The story revolves around Kinoshita Suguri, a nine-year-old third-grade girl who loves animals and making fashion accessories. One day, while Suguri is out buying materials for accessories, she comes across an unusual rock. Thinking it would look cute on a bracelet, she goes to pick up the rock and discovers a creature named Kappy. Kappy happens to be the three-year-old prince of Kapimeshia.
 Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family’s house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson
 Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family's house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson.
 Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family’s house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson
 Hitotose Chitose was always alone and untrusting of people but when 5 female teachers appear and started living together with him in his family’s house as his mothers, things started to change and pick up, together with Hazuki-nee and Minazuki (his 2 sisters) everyday is a lesson
 Amano Sakogami is a girl who has an unnatural amount of bad luck. One day, she stumbles into the clubroom of the Better Fortune Research Organization, which consists of a boy and seven other girls who secretly use the power of the luck deities to fight against the Magatsugami, monsters who can affect a person’s luck & well-being. Amano soon becomes the club’s manager, and joins the club in their fight against the Magatsugami and their controller, Kukitomoe.
 This is a shivering pure love psycho horror story of a girl named Satou Matsuzaka, who has someone she likes. She experiences a sweet feeling when she sleeps with her, and thought it must be love. Everything will be forgiven as long as she protects this feeling, even if she tricks, commits crimes, steals, or even kills, she thought.
 This is a shivering pure love psycho horror story of a girl named Satou Matsuzaka, who has someone she likes. She experiences a sweet feeling when she encounters her, and thought it must be love. Everything will be forgiven as long as she protects this feeling, even if she tricks, commits crimes, steals, or even kills, she thought.
 SOomura Takeshi is one unlucky fellow. He has has this case of bad luck ever since he was little. One day, while on his normal runs with bad luck, he meets an Angel named Elle, and he finds out that his father wished the curse of bad luck upon him. Takeshi has the oppurtunity to pass on the curse, but accepts it to save a young girl. For his noble act, Elle becomes human and lives with Takeshi to protect him from the curse, which is something Takeshi isn’t particularly happy with.
 One guy. Five girls. One roof. It's a recycled idea, but it never gets old. Happy Lesson is a kinetic take on an old genre.  Chitose shares his house with five ladies. One might think the continued attention of this many girls would be a good thing, but too much attention can prove to be painful. Did I mention they're also instructors at his school (hence the title)? Not only is he the subject of their abuse at home, but at school as well. Even when things finally calm down at night, all the rooms are taken so Chitose must sleep on the couch.
 One guy. Five girls. One roof. It's a recycled idea, but it never gets old. Happy Lesson is a kinetic take on an old genre.  Chitose shares his house with five ladies. One might think the continued attention of this many girls would be a good thing, but too much attention can prove to be painful. Did I mention they're also instructors at his school (hence the title)? Not only is he the subject of their abuse at home, but at school as well. Even when things finally calm down at night, all the rooms are taken so Chitose must sleep on the couch.
 A Cinderella story of sorts, Fashion Lala stars a little girl named Miho who doesn't get along with her family. Miho loves to design clothing, but her aunt and three cousins don't believe that such a young girl is capable and mock her designs. Meanwhile, a contest for the new "Disco Queen" is coming up, and Miho wants nothing more than to be able to design a dress for someone to wear to the competition, since she's too young to enter herself. With determination and a little bit of magic, Miho's dreams just might come true!
 Hale was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle.
 Hale was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle.
 Tokyo Pig is the wacky and crazy story of a young boy named Spencer and his magical pet pig named Sunny. This is the wierd adventures of these two wierdos.
 Hale was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle.
 Hibino Hareluya is a delinquent teenager who is tough and loves to pack a punch. His father is none other than the almighty God who does not approve very well of his son's rebellious acts. Disappointed in Hareluya's lack of responsibility, his father sends him to Earth as a normal high school student, stripped of his powers. Posing as a local priest, God keeps an eye on his son's adventures as Haleluya rights wrongs around the school with two-fisted justice, Love tattooed across the knuckles of each hand.
 The story on Arcadia's mystery, on which the 13th television episode was based.
 From the depths of space he is coming...Ancient beyond understanding, his power is immeasurable. He has destroyed half the universe and is on his way here. He is... Genma.Only two people are aware of the imminent catastrophe
 Haruta and Chika are members of their high school wind instrument club that is on the verge of being shut down. The two are childhood friends, and they spend their days practicing hard while also trying to recruit new members. When a certain incident happens within their school, they work together to solve it.
 One rainy day, Akane crosses path with a kind young man who tacitly offers to her his coat. On their second encounter, he confesses that he doesn't know who he is, his name or his past, but feels contented by just being with her. Besotted, Akane sets out to find his name, and to unravel his enigmatic connection with a famous cursed dance rumoured to kill anyone who attempts to perform it.
 The story takes place in Okinawa, where Haruka forms a beach volleyball pair with Kanata. Kanata, who couldn't handle the pressure put on her by her short height, had given up on beach volleyball already but is convinced by Haruka to step back on the sand once again and aim for the junior tournament.
 The story takes place in Okinawa, where Haruka forms a beach volleyball pair with Kanata. Kanata, who couldn't handle the pressure put on her by her short height, had given up on beach volleyball already but is convinced by Haruka to step back on the sand once again and aim for the junior tournament.
 Harukanaru Toki no Naka de 2 takes place 100 years after the original Harukanaru Toki no Naka de story. In the past that is, very little time has gone by in the future. Kyou, which resembles Kyoto in the Heian period, is in turmoil because of a power struggle going on between the emperor and the retired emperor, and the people of Kyou are falling into desperation, fearing the coming of the end of the world. Karin was walking with her friends when suddenly she is brought by the White Dragon to the land of Kyou. She was chosen as the new priestess of the White Dragon and she must fight against the evil with the help of her guardians while meantime, she keeps having visions of a mysterious man...
 The war between the Heike clan and the Genji clan continues. This time, Nozomi has to fight a powerful supernatural enemy and make a choice
 Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess.
 A boy named Lasset who lives on a farm in the rural northern US makes a perilous trek through the wilderness to a sanctuary 300 miles to the north to save the life of a gray wolf that he had raised from a puppy after an incident in which the wolf kills the family dog.
 Minato visits a recitation at an anime event with his friend. He is captivated by the voice actors' performances and decides to enroll in Suidoubashi Animation Academy. There, he meets Chikako, who used to live in the room he is moving into and who left a message in a USB drive. Minato, who aims to be a voice actor but is unable to put himself into the role, and Chikako, who lives with a past trauma, encourage one another and try to improve themselves. With the help of seniors such as Ryouta and Kei watching over them, they try to mature. As they stumble and worry, what lies ahead for them both?
 Professional wrestler and animal lover Shibata Genzo is suddenly summoned to another world. Greeted by a princess, she requests to get rid of the evil beasts roaming in this world. Outraged that he was asked to kill monsters, Genzo German suplexes the princess. Unable to get back to Earth, he decides to live a peaceful life and manage a "monster" pet shop.
 Professional wrestler and animal lover Shibata Genzo is suddenly summoned to another world. Greeted by a princess, she requests to get rid of the evil beasts roaming in this world. Outraged that he was asked to kill monsters, Genzo German suplexes the princess. Unable to get back to Earth, he decides to live a peaceful life and manage a "monster" pet shop.
 Hiroko Matsukata is a woman who works for a magazine company. She puts all she has into her work, and is known as a strong, straight-forward working girl, who can at will turn herself into Hataraki man (working man) mode. Despite Hiroko's success at work, her life lacks romance. Even though a hard worker, she'd leave early anytime to go on a date. Too bad her boyfriend is even bigger a workaholic than Hiroko.
 Devil King Sadao is only one step away from conquering the world when he is beaten by Hero Emilia and forced to drift to the other world
 Second season of Hataraku Maou-sama!
 Second season of Hataraku Maou-sama!
 The story centers around the cheerful calico Tapio Chatorazawa and the pessimistic Russian blue Kuehiko Roshihara. The two study in the same college, and also work together on various odd jobs.
 Sequel of Hataraku Onii-san!.
 Inside the human body, roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically 24 hours a day and 365 days a year. Fresh out of training, the cheerful and somewhat airheaded Red Blood Cell AE3803 is ready to take on the ever-so-important task of transporting oxygen. As usual, White Blood Cell U-1146 is hard at work patrolling and eliminating foreign bacteria seeking to make the body their new lair. Elsewhere, little platelets are lining up for a new construction project.Dealing with wounds and allergies, getting lost on the way to the lungs, and bickering with similar cell types, the daily lives of cells are always hectic as they work together to keep the body healthy!
 This is a story about you. A tale about the inside of your body... According to a new study, the human body consists of approximately 37 trillion cells. These cells are hard at work every day within a world that is your body. From the oxygen-carrying red blood cells to the bacteria-fighting white blood cells, get to know the unsung heroes and the drama that unfolds inside of you! It's the oddly relatable and interesting story that is the life of cells!
 DVD/BD specials of Hataraku Saibou included on disc volume 3-7. All episodes feature super deformed chibi versions of the characters. There is also some 4th wall breaking with them speaking to you the viewer (such as the quiz game show in ep 1 or the parody of the long running Japanese talk show Tetsuko's Room in ep 2).
 A mysterious cell wearing a stylish hat appears before the regular cells, who are bored with just the same (cell division) work over and over again, every day. This mysterious cell lures the regular cells into a mischievous scheme against White Blood Cell and Killer T Cell. The regular cells enjoy working out their everyday, pent-up frustration. But, just who exactly is this cell wearing a stylish hat?
 Hataraku Saibou special collaboration episode with Otsuka Pharmaceutical's Pocari Sweat about hyperthermia. Released on Otsuka Pharmaceutical's YouTube Channel.
 Second season of Hataraku Saibou.
 The cells of the human body never rest for too long; there's always something new to do and learn every day. At least, that's what Hakkekkyuu U-1146 feels as he rushes to and fro, searching for any pathogens that could cause harm to the body. Despite his dangerous line of work, it's all worth it to protect the happy smiles of Sekkekkyuu AE3803, the platelet crew, his fellow neutrophils, and the other cells he meets along the way.In his latest pathogen-hunting adventures, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 discovers how important cells can sometimes make mistakes, and that not all bacteria are actually bad. Everybody has their bad days, but everything eventually works out when their comrades have their backs. In the end, it's just another normal day for these hardworking cells!
 A series of short stories depicting the complicated love lives of eight middle school and high school girls, their classmates and relatives. These stories later intertwine to form a main story involving most of the cast.
 Nikaido Kaho is a daughter of a rich family and her whole life everyone's been nice to her. When moving to her new high school dormitory, she almost gets hit by a truck but is saved by a boy. It's love at first sight for Kaho but when asking him his name, he tells her she's weird. Kaho is shocked since it's the first time anyone's ever said mean things to her. Soon enough, she finds out that the boy who saved her lives in the same dormitory and so she bravely confesses her love. The boy says his name is Kanade and agrees to go out with her. Unfortunately, the following day Kaho finds out that her first boyfriend is a 5th grader.
 Nikaido Kaho is a daughter of a rich family and her whole life everyone's been nice to her. When moving to her new high school dormitory, she almost gets hit by a truck but is saved by a boy. It's love at first sight for Kaho but when asking him his name, he tells her she's weird. Kaho is shocked since it's the first time anyone's ever said mean things to her. Soon enough, she finds out that the boy who saved her lives in the same dormitory and so she bravely confesses her love. The boy says his name is Kanade and agrees to go out with her. Unfortunately, the following day Kaho finds out that her first boyfriend is a 5th grader.
 The story revolves around Kanipan aiming to be the best inventor and his adventures while trying to accomplish this.
 Meet Haruto Hojo, an ordinary high school student with an unusual problem. He's got ghosts and spirits running amuck at school! Appointed President of the Saints Club, Haruto, Mutsuki, and Kazuo are charged with the task of investigating strange phenomena on campus and improve the quality of life for the school spirits that roam the halls. But how can three students handle the likes of Hanako, the sultry bathroom spirit, a Kosak-dancing skeleton, a fish monster living in the school's pool, Red Mantle, Nino-kun, and the rest of the Saito school spirits?
 Abandoned by his parents and given a monumentally large debt as a Christmas present, 16-year old Ayasaki Hayate is at the lowest point of his life. Desperately trying alter his hapless fate, he decides to kidnap someone to hold for a ransom. Due to an ill choice of words, the girl he tries to kidnap misunderstands the action as a confession of love. His plan is totally crushed when he gives his real name out. Realizing his wrongdoing, Hayate proceeds to rescue the girl from the yakuza, who had instead kidnapped her. The girl, as a token of thanks, offers Hayate a job as her butler. Hayate, overwhelmed by her kindness, vows to protect her even at the cost of his life. 16-year-old Hayate is really down on his luck.His unemployed parents are good-for-nothings who waste the money they have on gambling. One day, his parents have racked up a huge gambling debt that they had to sell Hayate to the yakuza for the value of his organs. In a desperate attempt to avoid that fate, Hayate decides to become a “bad guy” and kidnap someone to be held for ransom, but his efforts to do so are mistaken as a confession of love by the girl he targets.
 Abandoned by his parents and given a monumentally large debt as a Christmas present, 16-year old Ayasaki Hayate is at the lowest point of his life. Desperately trying alter his hapless fate, he decides to kidnap someone to hold for a ransom. Due to an ill choice of words, the girl he tries to kidnap misunderstands the action as a confession of love. His plan is totally crushed when he gives his real name out. Realizing his wrongdoing, Hayate proceeds to rescue the girl from the yakuza, who had instead kidnapped her. The girl, as a token of thanks, offers Hayate a job as her butler. Hayate, overwhelmed by her kindness, vows to protect her even at the cost of his life. 16-year-old Hayate is really down on his luck.His unemployed parents are good-for-nothings who waste the money they have on gambling. One day, his parents have racked up a huge gambling debt that they had to sell Hayate to the yakuza for the value of his organs. In a desperate attempt to avoid that fate, Hayate decides to become a “bad guy” and kidnap someone to be held for ransom, but his efforts to do so are mistaken as a confession of love by the girl he targets.
 Abandoned by his parents and given a monumentally large debt as a Christmas present, 16-year old Ayasaki Hayate is at the lowest point of his life. Desperately trying alter his hapless fate, he decides to kidnap someone to hold for a ransom. Due to an ill choice of words, the girl he tries to kidnap misunderstands the action as a confession of love. His plan is totally crushed when he gives his real name out. Realizing his wrongdoing, Hayate proceeds to rescue the girl from the yakuza, who had instead kidnapped her. The girl, as a token of thanks, offers Hayate a job as her butler. Hayate, overwhelmed by her kindness, vows to protect her even at the cost of his life. 16-year-old Hayate is really down on his luck.His unemployed parents are good-for-nothings who waste the money they have on gambling. One day, his parents have racked up a huge gambling debt that they had to sell Hayate to the yakuza for the value of his organs. In a desperate attempt to avoid that fate, Hayate decides to become a “bad guy” and kidnap someone to be held for ransom, but his efforts to do so are mistaken as a confession of love by the girl he targets.
 According to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt.Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan.Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku!
 Taking place one month after the events that occurred in the movie Heaven is a Place on Earth. Living at the Sanzenin Mansion once again, Nagi returns to her old ways of life, until she receives word from American authorities informing her that she has a week to pick up her late father's belongings that was indefinitely delayed due to various circumstances. After receiving news of her father whom she doesn't remember, Nagi then meets a mysterious girl (with a hidden agenda) claiming to be Nagi's little sister.The series tells a new story that is original to the anime and not directly based on the manga. The main author of the original series Kenjiro Hata personally created the original concept for the story of this anime.
 Taking place one month after the events that occurred in the movie Heaven is a Place on Earth. Living at the Sanzenin Mansion once again, Nagi returns to her old ways of life, until she receives word from American authorities informing her that she has a week to pick up her late father's belongings that was indefinitely delayed due to various circumstances. After receiving news of her father whom she doesn't remember, Nagi then meets a mysterious girl (with a hidden agenda) claiming to be Nagi's little sister.The series tells a new story that is original to the anime and not directly based on the manga. The main author of the original series Kenjiro Hata personally created the original concept for the story of this anime.
 Abandoned by his parents and given a monumentally large debt as a Christmas present, 16-year old Ayasaki Hayate is at the lowest point of his life. Desperately trying alter his hapless fate, he decides to kidnap someone to hold for a ransom. Due to an ill choice of words, the girl he tries to kidnap misunderstands the action as a confession of love. His plan is totally crushed when he gives his real name out. Realizing his wrongdoing, Hayate proceeds to rescue the girl from the yakuza, who had instead kidnapped her. The girl, as a token of thanks, offers Hayate a job as her butler. Hayate, overwhelmed by her kindness, vows to protect her even at the cost of his life. 16-year-old Hayate is really down on his luck.His unemployed parents are good-for-nothings who waste the money they have on gambling. One day, his parents have racked up a huge gambling debt that they had to sell Hayate to the yakuza for the value of his organs. In a desperate attempt to avoid that fate, Hayate decides to become a “bad guy” and kidnap someone to be held for ransom, but his efforts to do so are mistaken as a confession of love by the girl he targets.
 Taking place after the events that occurred in Hayate no Gotoku! Can't Take My Eyes off You. Hayate, Nagi and Maria return to their daily lives at the Sanzenin Mansion and the Violet Mansion.
 At the end of the summer vacation, Hayate, Nagi, and company take a trip to the countryside; a place with no games, no anime, and no mobile signal.
 According to the upcoming issue of Shounen Sunday, Hayate no Gotoku! will receive a new OVA series as part of the manga's 10th anniversary project. One episode each will be bundled with volumes 41 to 43 of the manga for a total of 3 episodes. Volume 40 will be released on March 18th.
 Yoshitaka Nakabayashi, a 14-year-old millionaire who got this huge inheritance after his parents died in an accident, found himself needed to be taken care of and tried to hire live-in maids to do the job. Two runaway girls, Izumi Sawatari and her younger sister Mitsuki, stumped into Nakabayashi’s mansion and got hired by Yoshitaka immediately, for Yoshitaka is not only a rich boy but also a pervert with uniform fetishes, who wants to be addressed as goshujin-sama (master). Having nowhere else to settle down along with Mitsuki’s pet alligator Pochi, Izumi accepted the job reluctantly.
 Cup noodle ads featuring Kaguya-sama's characters.
 The story will follow four girls who seek to use their songs to heal and soothe the people of their world. The tagline reads, "Kindhearted, powerful songs heal the world. These are beautiful miracles sung by humanity."
 New Precure series.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 An OVA produced to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Watase Seizou's Heart Cocktail manga.
 The girly but bloody otome game re-imagining of Lewis Carroll's classic fantasy novel Alice's Adventures in Wonderland with bishounen characters and added romance.A parody of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland where Alice is smart and non-doormatlike.In this story, Alice is not all what she seems. She is practical, strong, yet darkly cynical. Instead of the tradition story, Alice is kidnapped unwillingly by a mysterious (yet somewhat bishie-looking) man with bunny ears into a place call Heartland. Stuck in Heartland due to a trick by the mysterious bunny eared man, she meets the residents of this world. Along the way, Alice meets Blood, handsome mafia leader; Ace, the psycho yet charming knight and more... What should Alice do in such a world!?
 Tsubomi Hanasaki is a 2nd year middle school student who loves flowers and plants. One day, she dreams of a mysterious flowering tree that wilted, causing the sprites to disappear. When she transfers to Myodou Academy[note 1], the sprites that she saw in that dream appeared before her. The sprites begged Tsubomi to become Pretty Cure to protect the Great Tree, but she refuses. However, a sudden attack from a mysterious enemy came, and the Heart Seed of her new classmate, Erika Kurumi, is stolen. To save Erika’s heart, she had no choice but to become a Pretty Cure and fight.
 Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris.
 In the city of Judoh, Claire Leonelli has inherited leadership of the Mafia group “Vampire” following the death of his father. To keep Claire’s and other criminal activities in check, the city’s Bureau of Urban Safety has Special Services Division operative Daisuke Aurora and the super android codenamed “J” (whose identity is apparently kept in secrecy, as androids are banned in the city). With both of them around, crime now has little room to breathe in Judoh.
 In the city of Judoh, Claire Leonelli has inherited leadership of the Mafia group "Vampire" following the death of his father. To keep Claire's and other criminal activities in check, the city's Bureau of Urban Safety has Special Services Division operative Daisuke Aurora and the super android codenamed "J" (whose identity is apparently kept in secrecy, as androids are banned in the city). With both of them around, crime now has little room to breathe in Judoh.
 Heavenly Sword is a dramatic tale of revenge that sees Nariko (Anna Torv), a fiery red-haired heroine, embark on a quest for vengeance against the invading King Bohan (Alfred Molina) and his army. Once considered the failure of a legendary prophecy, Nariko must wield a sword that was ultimately meant for another. This ancient Heavenly Sword, once belonging to a powerful deity, can never be wielded by a mortal without it slowly and inevitably killing them. For Nariko, it is a race against time to avenge her clan before her life is irreparably overtaken by the omnipotent Heavenly Sword.
 Heavy Gear begins on a distant, fictional planet called Terra Nova around 4,000 Earth Standard Years from now (6132 AD). Terra Nova was once the crown jewel of the United Earth Government’s colonies, however, an economic collapse forced the Terran government to abandon Terra Nova and all its other colonies centuries before the period depicted in the game setting, leaving Terra Nova in a dark age. Eventually, City-States rose from the ashes and either through treaties or tyranny, united to form national unions called Leagues.These Leagues would in turn ally (again either peacefully or forcibly) to form the superpower blocs that dominated the temperate southern and northern hemispheres of the planet.
 The story of Marcus Rover, who competes in Heavy Gear tournaments.
 The series follows Officer Black Cat's adventures around the forest neighbourhood, apprehending criminals, dealing justice, and solving crimes.

 A story about two young demons who are always slacking off at work, a place that happens to be an organization that vows to keep the balance between the worlds of the living and dead by killing humans!
 Third season of Heibai Wushuang.

 It has been 800 years since the battle gods "Idaten", who boast overwhelming speed and strength, contained the "demons" who led the world to ruin after a fierce battle. "That battle" is now just an old tale in a distant myth. While the "peaceful generation of the gods," who have never fought since they were born, are out of peace, someone has revived the demons from a long sleep! Bring armed forces, wisdom, politics, conspiracy, whatever you can use! No-rule & no-limit three-way battle royale is about to begin!!!
 Nube is a clumsy, easygoing, and very kind teacher, but he has a secret under his glove on the left hand. He has a monster hand, and he also has the ability to sense ghosts and evil spirits. So he protects his dear students from these evil spirits with his monster hand, proving to be very powerful.
 I can dance! I can sing! So, I can speak English! Hello Cocomong is a series of musical episodes teaching kids through song and dance. A large amount of episodes are aimed to teach English to Korean speaking children, though the intention is lost with the official English dub of the show.
 The second season of Hello Cocomong.
 Hello Jadoo is a South-Korean TV show about a girl named Choi Jadoo who is a very free-spirited girl. In every episode, she would always get into drama, whether it was with her parents or school. At the same time, she meets new people and she tries to solve problems occurring.
 A Hello Kitty claymation series.
 2005
 The year is 2027, and the city of Kyoto has undergone tremendous technological advancement. Within the city lives Naomi Katagaki, a socially awkward and introverted boy with a love for books, and Ruri Ichigyou, a girl with a cold personality who is often blunt with people, but shares his love for reading. Despite having similar interests, Naomi is afraid to approach Ruri due to her unfriendly nature.One day, as Naomi goes out for a walk, a crimson aurora pierces through the sky for a brief moment before vanishing. Shortly after, he sees a three-legged crow and a mysterious hooded man who reveals himself to be Naomi from 10 years in the future, explaining that he has come to change an imminent tragic event that happens to Ruri shortly after they start dating. Initially taking his words with a grain of salt, present-day Naomi follows his future self's instructions and starts getting closer to Ruri, determined to save her.Hello World focuses on the present Naomi alongside himself from 10 years into the future. With the help of his future self, Naomi begins his preparations to save Ruri. Will he be able to change the future?
 Second season of Kiniro Mosaic.
 Amagane Rinne had an accident and died while hurrying to school. She suddenly arrived in an awkward school... in Hell, filled with demons. While she is struggling and wishing to go back to the world whence she came from, she makes friends with her demon schoolmates and develops an uncommon bond.
 Amagane Rinne had an accident and died while hurrying to school. She suddenly arrived in an awkward school... in Hell, filled with demons. While she is struggling and wishing to go back to the world whence she came from, she makes friends with her demon schoolmates and develops an uncommon bond.
 Hellsing follows the antiheroic vampire, Alucard, and a police girl-turned-vampire, Seras Victoria, two vampires employed by the vampire-extermination group of England, the Hellsing Organization. Slowly but surely, through their active duty, they find a new breed of vampires beginning to arise.
 Decades ago, the legendary Dr. Abraham Van Helsing and his companions defeated Count Dracula, one of the world's deadliest vampires. After this success his name was used in the founding of the Hellsing Organization, a British task force with the duty of eliminating supernatural threats.Hellsing follows the exploits of that very organization. Led by Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, the Hellsing Organization finds its trump card not in the power of man, but in the strength of a monster it has tamed. Alucard, one of the oldest and most powerful vampires in existence, now hunts his fellow monsters at Hellsing's bequest. Alongside new recruit Seras Victoria, Alucard will find that a new threat has arisen, one greater than anything the Hellsing Organization has ever dealt with before.
 Vampires exist. It is the duty of Hellsing, a secret organization sponsored by the British government, to hide that frightening fact and protect the blissfully unaware populace. Along with its own personal army, Hellsing has secret weapons. Alucard, an incredibly powerful vampire, has been controlled by Hellsing for years. It is unclear how he feels about being a servant to the Hellsing family, but he certainly enjoys his job as a vampire exterminator. Seras is a fledgling vampire and former police woman. Although reluctant to embrace her new self, she is a valued member of the organization.Integra Hellsing, the current leader, is usually fully capable of fulfilling her duty, but lately, vampire activity has been on the rise. Unfortunately, the cause is more alarming than anything she could have imagined. A group long thought dead has been plotting in secret since their apparent destruction over 50 years ago.
 There exist creatures of darkness and evil that plague the night, devouring any human unfortunate enough to be caught in their grasp. On the other side is Hellsing, an organization dedicated to destroying these supernatural forces that threaten the very existence of humanity. At its head is Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, who commands a powerful military and spends her life fighting the undead.Integra's vast army, however, pales in comparison with her ultimate weapon
 Vampires exist. It is the duty of Hellsing, a secret organization sponsored by the British government, to hide that frightening fact and protect the blissfully unaware populace. Along with its own personal army, Hellsing has secret weapons. Alucard, an incredibly powerful vampire, has been controlled by Hellsing for years. It is unclear how he feels about being a servant to the Hellsing family, but he certainly enjoys his job as a vampire exterminator. Seras is a fledgling vampire and former police woman. Although reluctant to embrace her new self, she is a valued member of the organization. Integra Hellsing, the current leader, is usually fully capable of fulfilling her duty, but lately, vampire activity has been on the rise. Unfortunately, the cause is more alarming than anything she could have imagined. A group long thought dead has been plotting in secret since their apparent destruction over 50 years ago.
 Vampires exist. It is the duty of Hellsing, a secret organization sponsored by the British government, to hide that frightening fact and protect the blissfully unaware populace. Along with its own personal army, Hellsing has secret weapons. Alucard, an incredibly powerful vampire, has been controlled by Hellsing for years. It is unclear how he feels about being a servant to the Hellsing family, but he certainly enjoys his job as a vampire exterminator. Seras is a fledgling vampire and former police woman. Although reluctant to embrace her new self, she is a valued member of the organization.Integra Hellsing, the current leader, is usually fully capable of fulfilling her duty, but lately, vampire activity has been on the rise. Unfortunately, the cause is more alarming than anything she could have imagined. A group long thought dead has been plotting in secret since their apparent destruction over 50 years ago.
 A car accident made Fang Yin Yin into a cat. As well as being a full-time nurse for three kittens, she also has to deal with an overbearing president. "From today on, you're my cat, remember this in your head." "You damn stray cat, so ugly and yet you're still trying to entice me." "It's so troublesome being so dazzling all the time. Being my cat, you also feel tired, right?"
 High school student Yang Ming is a typical underachiever. He gets into fights, skips class, and cheats on his schoolwork. When the school flower confronts him, he feels ashamed and wants to change, but he has fallen too far behind. However, by a stroke of fate, he ends up gaining a pair of contacts that allow him to change his visual perspective, completely altering the course of his future!
 Nanako Matsutaka is an innocent university student who is participating in a sexual perversion seminar led by the deviant professor Kenji Meshiya. She desperately tries to keep her morals as well as her sanity while amidst the strange group of students in the study group.
 Nanako Matsutaka is an innocent university student who is participating in a sexual perversion seminar led by the deviant professor Kenji Meshiya. She desperately tries to keep her morals as well as her sanity while amidst the strange group of students in the study group.
 Shoko and Maiko Ougi are apparently two ordinary schoolgirls in pursuit of graduating and having fun. Shii-chan is the more serious while Mai-chan is more fun-loving. In reality, the two sisters are powerful exorcists from the Karura temple. Each wields half the power...Shii-chan can "see" the spirits, and Mai-chan can banish them. This is the movie adaptation of a spooky series with heavy emphasis on traditionally Japanese occult themes.
 Shorts about girls who transform into machines. The first episode focuses on Haru, a girl who transforms into a fighter jet while trying to catch a hat blowing away in the wind.
 Hentai! is a doujin anime made in MMD. Apparently it's about sex jokes.
 DVD/BD specials. All 13 specials in 1 elpisode



 An educational film about the merits of volunteer work. A group of children help achieve a grandmother's dream of learning how to read and write.
 Captain Herlock is drawn into a saga of intergalactic proportions when the son of a deceased comrade unwittingly forges the Ring of the Niebelung. Evil forces gather to wage war against the last remaining superpowers of the galaxy led by a demented outcast. Herlock must counter the amassed armadas that threaten the last gods and recover the ring before Paradise is lost.
 Captain Herlock is drawn into a saga of intergalactic proportions when the son of a deceased comrade unwittingly forges the Ring of the Niebelung. Evil forces gather to wage war against the last remaining superpowers of the galaxy led by a demented outcast. Herlock must counter the amassed armadas that threaten the last gods and recover the ring before Paradise is lost.
 Full of exciting adventure and great passion, this animated Japanese favourite tells the legendary tale of the mythological hero Hermes. The creator of the world orders Hermes to defeat the evil King Minos, tyrant of Crete. With his beautiful wife, Aphrodite, by his side, he bravely responds to the challenge. A battle between good and evil rocks the heavens as Hermes fights to unite Greece!
 Anime adaptation of the Nintendo 3DS money battle role playing game by SEGA.
 Now there's a mysterious Mask before James Blood, and the man behind it is one that shouldn't exist. What is the mystery surrounding this mask...? So begins an action-packed crime story set in a beautiful city!
 Second part of Hero Mask.
 Second part of Hero Mask.
 Now there's a mysterious Mask before James Blood, and the man behind it is one that shouldn't exist. What is the mystery surrounding this mask...? So begins an action-packed crime story set in a beautiful city!
 Set in a time of chaos, seven heroes of the Stars, the Hokushintenkun, rise up to lead the people. Two of the seven, the Nitenshinson, the Hagun and the Tanrou, are never supposed to exist at the same time, but fate has decided otherwise. Taito, chosen as the Hagun, now must rise up to defeat the Tanrou, as the fate of the Stars destined it to be.
 Follow the adventures of Mao, a Japanese teenager and aspiring runner, as she travels back to ancient Greece to learn about the Olympic Games.

 Hiyori Suzumi, who left her hometown to continue pursuing her passion of track and field, enrolls in Tokyo's Sakuragaoka High School. In searching for a part-time job, Hiyori ends up becoming an apprentice manager for her classmates Yuujirou Someya and Aizou Shibasaki, who are members of the idol group LIPxLIP. The story follows the struggles that Hiyori faces with school, extracurricular activities, and her managing job, as well as the idol group LIPxLIP as they perform on stage.
 Hiyori Suzumi, who left her hometown to continue pursuing her passion of track and field, enrolls in Tokyo's Sakuragaoka High School. In searching for a part-time job, Hiyori ends up becoming an apprentice manager for her classmates Yuujirou Someya and Aizou Shibasaki, who are members of the idol group LIPxLIP. The story follows the struggles that Hiyori faces with school, extracurricular activities, and her managing job, as well as the idol group LIPxLIP as they perform on stage.
 A collaboration between Studio Bones and Stan Lee, the story centers on a boy named Joey who discovers a toy robot near the west coast of the United States. Joey has always wanted to become a hero. Unfortunately he’s just an orphan working part time to support his grandma and himself. After he watches a toy commercial about a new robot action figure, Joey believes he’ll gain strength if he obtains one. The only robot toy he can get his hands on is a broken one that was abandoned by a rich school bully.Feeling pity for the trashed action figure, Joey takes it home to repair it; little did he know that once he repairs the toy, it’ll make his hero dream become a reality.
 Heroman specials released in DVD/BD volumes 2, 5 and 8.
 What if nations were people? What traits would they have? What would this mean for historical events?Hetalia Axis Powers takes these questions and runs with them, personifying countries into characters. The show takes a comedic and light approach to politics and historical events while educating the viewer.Taking place primarily during the events of World War I and World War II, the story focuses on the Axis Powers and occasionally throws the spotlight onto the tumultuous relationship between the Allied Forces. The Axis Powers feature the titular character North Italy, who is clumsy, carefree and loves pasta; Germany, who is very serious but easily flustered; and Japan, who is stoic but has bizarre interests.Based on Hidekaz Himaruya's widely popular webcomic turned print manga, Hetalia Axis Powers is a historical comedy that pokes lightly at culture, examines the relationships between nations and breathes fun into history.
 Italy, once home of the strongest empire in the world, has changed. This is the story of Italy, now a cowardly pasta-loving fool, and his friends (other personified countries of the world) as they live through strange moments in world history.
 There are strange people in this world. If it is short, it will disappear for several days, and if it is long, it will disappear for hundreds of years. The name and personality changed, and suddenly appeared by someone's unexpected idea. Even though he is the most weird, he is loosely accepted and used by his boss. This is the story of such strange people.
 There are strange people in this world. If it is short, it will disappear for several days, and if it is long, it will disappear for hundreds of years. The name and personality changed, and suddenly appeared by someone's unexpected idea. Even though he is the most weird, he is loosely accepted and used by his boss. This is the story of such strange people.
 Italy, once home of the strongest empire in the world, has changed. This is the story of Italy, now a cowardly pasta-loving fool, and his friends (other personified countries of the world) as they live through strange moments in world history.
 Earth is under attack by extraterrestrials and a group of eight people meet to decide on a course of action. Although America wishes to fight, England and France are still recovering from an earlier conflict, Japan is indecisive, and Italy decides to wave a white flag.The meeting ends without consensus, with each faction facing the aliens in their own way. However, all military actions prove useless and the white flag is ignored.Reluctantly, the eight reconvene and come to the conclusion that the only way to discover the aliens' weakness is to infiltrate their mother-ship
 The fifth season of Hetalia.
 The fifth season of Hetalia.
 The sixth season of Hetalia.
 The sixth season of Hetalia.
 A 1982 Korean Martial Arts film.
 Yorang, a fox who lives in heaven and has important responsibilities, would rather play tricks on others and seek fun all day. One day, heaven holds a festival for the completion of the "Book of Wishes," a prestigious work that can help remove the black fox's seal. During this festival, Yo-rang, who is very mischievous, throws away the valuable book. Heaven is threatened by the black fox's bad magic. Yo-rang, responsible for the debacle, searches for the book and meets a boy named "Kang-hyun," who loses his mother at an early age and moves to the Fox Village from Seoul, with his father. Kang-hyun and Yo-rang look for the book together. But the black fox tries to ruin their plan, and Kang-hyun and Yo-rang encounter all kinds of hardship. In the end, they develop a strong friendship.
 Based on Afro's slow outdoor seinen manga.
 Adaptation of a manga collaboration with the Yamaha Motor Company. Included as an extra with the Blu-ray release.
 The anime takes place on the screw-shaped island country of Nejigajima and follows the two "Bokyabots" Hebot and the Yurui Prince Nejiru as they collect different "Bokya Neji" screws. When the Bokyabots wear the Bokya Neji screws on their heads, they're able to compete in "Bokya Battles," battles for who can think up and tell the best jokes.
 Hi no Tori is a collection of stories that all have something in common. The Phoenix, whose blood is believed to give an eternal life to one who drinks it. Therefore many seek to kill it, but as the Phoenix of the tale, it's reborn from the ashes. Stories take place in future and the past, where humans fight with each other as always, and everyone is afraid to die. But still, every story teaches a lesson
 Hi no Tori is a collection of stories that all have something in common. The Phoenix, whose blood is believed to give an eternal life to one who drinks it. Therefore many seek to kill it, but as the Phoenix of the tale, it's reborn from the ashes. Stories take place in future and the past, where humans fight with each other as always, and everyone is afraid to die. But still, every story teaches a lesson
 The story is about two characters, Akanemaru, a sculpture genius, and ex-burglar Gao whose only purpose in life is sculpting, and how they struggle with the fate to compete with each other over their capacity and talent.
 t is an animation version of the original story by Tezuka Osamu that depicts the cruelty of love through the fate of spacemen destined to drift through the universe after losing their mother ship..
 Based on Tezuka Osamu's original work portraying life based on the myth of Yamatotakeru.
 Jecy is a young man on a quest for revenge; he lost his parents to the hands of the organized crime syndicate called the Bismark House - a group on a hunt to acquire a product called ‘lyzorium' at any cost. With incredible abilities such as increased speed and agility, Jecy travels through space with a girl named Tiana; Fork Green, a priest of the Heartland religion who kills criminals slowly to send them to heaven; and a living ship called Paolon. However, Jecy's revenge won't come easily - a woman named Jera, her bloodthirsty little brother Cross and a number of other adversaries stand in their way!
 The story of the anime will revolve around Dreamcast, Sega Saturn, and Mega Drive, who have just enrolled in SeHaGaga Academy at Tokyo's Haneda Ootorii station. They are given an assignment needed to graduate by a suspicious teacher, and to clear this assignment, the girls need to enter the world of Sega games. The girls must try their best to graduate without incident.
 Kishimoto Kasumi, a 15-year-old girl, was supposed to live at her auntie's house in order to go to high school since April. However, when she moved to the house she was surprised with the fact that there were already four new male students living in the same house. To make the matter worse, that day while she was taking a bath, Takasugi Yusaku, one of those boys, came into the bath and saw her naked. This is how Kasumi's troublesome high school days started.
 Hibike! Euphonium begins when Kumiko Oumae, a girl who was in the brass band club in junior high school, visits her high school's brass band club as a first year. Kumiko's classmates Hazuki and Sapphire decide to join the club, but Kumiko sees her old classmate Reina there and hesitates. She remembers an incident she had with Reina at a brass band club contest in junior high school.
 Second season of Hibike! Euphonium.
 Short specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
 Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians.Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test.
 Hibike! Euphonium Movie
 Short theater manners animations shown before Hibike! Euphonium Movie
 Special episodes of Hibike! Euphonium

 The 10 members of the concert band club who failed Taki's audition form "Team Monaka" to support the club members participating in the Kyoto Concert Band competition. Even as they support the performers, they continue to hone their playing, and make monaka-shaped good-luck charms to hand out to their club mates before the competition. Although they didn't play in the competition, they still had things they had to do. But on the day of the competition, the members on their way to the concert hall receive a shocking message! This is Team Monaka's hot summer story.

 Yuno has been accepted to her dream school
 The anime will center on the graduation of Sae and Hiro.
 Yuno has been accepted to her dream school

 Yuno has been accepted to her dream school
 Special episodes of Hidamari Sketch x 365.
 Studying at the Yamabuki Arts High School has been a dream-come-true for Yuno, and she’s learned so much already! And not just from her instructors, but from her friends and neighbors who’ve become her second family and made the Hidemari Apartments such a safe and nurturing home. But as the day of her “big sisters” Sae and Hiro’s graduation draws slowly closer, it’s time for Yuno to start seriously taking on the same role for Nazuna, Nori and the other budding young artists who’ve entered Hidemari’s protective cocoon.And it’s also time to tackle some really challenging artistic assignments. That doesn’t mean there won’t still be time for fun with Miyako and all the others, but it’s definitely time to pencil in her plans for the future. And sometimes that means you have to put the art before the course!
 Yuno has begun her new artist’s life in her new dream school, Yamabuki High School. In front of the school is an apartment complex called Hidamari-so, where she moves in and meets classmates, senior students, and other strange artists.
 Even though studying at a prestigious art school like Yamabuki is hard work, the girls who live at the Hidamari Apartments always manage to squeeze in time for a little fun and exploration. And when they actually get a day off? Watch out world! Yuno, Sae, Hiro, Miyako and new students Nori and Nazuna return to create another masterpiece of life as art, with all new adventures that include swimming, pajama parties, trips to the art museum and even an all-you-can-eat diner courtesy of the landlady! Of course, there’s always a little housework that has to be squeezed in, but with a pinch of resourcefulness and a dash of creativity, even the most onerous of chores can be turned into something magical.
 In response to the worsening crime rate, Japan creates Tokyo Butei High, an elite academy where "Butei" or armed detectives hone their deadly skills in hopes of becoming mercenary-like agents of justice. One particular Butei is Kinji Tooyama, an anti-social and curt sophomore dropout who was once a student of the combat-centric Assault Division. Kinji now lives a life of leisure studying logistics in order to cover up his powerful but embarrassing special ability. However, his peaceful days soon come to an end when he becomes the target of the infamous "Butei Killer," and runs into an emotional hurricane and outspoken prodigy of the highest rank, Aria Holmes Kanzaki, who saves Kinji's life and demands that he become her partner after seeing what he is truly capable of.
 A young girl idolizes the world-renowned S-ranked butei Kanzaki H. Aria and plans to follow in her footsteps; however, her test grades turn out as only an E-rank! All is not lost, however, as Aria agrees to give her some pointers. Can Aria help this newcomer become a first-rate butei?
 Based on Team Shanghai Alice's Touhou Project.History revolves around the many events in the lives of two students from the Outside World - Maribel Hearn and Renko Usami. They are the only members of the "Hifuu Club Activity Record" who are looking for those hidden worlds as Gensokyo, the Netherworld and the Moon.
 The intrigue goes international in The King of Eden, a feature-length conspiracy thriller that continues the action of Eden of the East. The deadly game that began in Japan now intensifies on the streets of New York City. The rules are the same
 The story of political and subversive intrigue in the series finally reaches endgame. Even as the law enforcement net tightens around Saki and her fellow Eden of the East associates over alleged terrorist activities, the complex web surrounding the mysterious Mr. Outside is finally untangled as the remaining Selecao attempt to outmaneuver one another. Takizawa's memories and identity are also finally revealed including his association with a former Prime Minister and his request to be the King of Eden.
 The story of political and subversive intrigue in the series finally reaches endgame. Even as the law enforcement net tightens around Saki and her fellow Eden of the East associates over alleged terrorist activities, the complex web surrounding the mysterious Mr. Outside is finally untangled as the remaining Selecao attempt to outmaneuver one another. Takizawa's memories and identity are also finally revealed including his association with a former Prime Minister and his request to be the King of Eden.
 A re-editing of the 11 television episodes of popular anime Higashi no Eden into a feature-length film.
 After discovering that his orphanage was on the brink of closing due to financial stress, Finn, who was living freely on the streets, set out for a casino with the aim of making a fortune. However, nothing could have prepared Finn for the nightmare that was awaiting him. Once there, Finn encountered a car chase and bloody shootout caused by a man's "lucky" card.Finn will eventually learn what the shootout was about. The world order can be controlled by a set of 52 X-Playing cards with the power to bestow different superhuman powers and abilities to the ones that possess them. With these cards, people can access the hidden power of the "buddy" that can be found within themselves.There is a secret group of players called High Card, who have been directly ordered by the king of Fourland to collect the cards that have been scattered throughout the kingdom while moonlighting as employees of the luxury carmaker Pinochle. Scouted to become the group's fifth member, Finn soon joins the players on a dangerous mission to find these cards."All you need in life are manners, dignity, and the will to bet on your own life."However, Who's Who, the rival car maker obsessed with defeating Pinochle, and the Klondikes, the infamous Mafia family, stand in the way of the gang. A frenzied battle amongst these card-obsessed players, fueled by justice, desire, and revenge, is about to begin!Are you ready? It's Showdown!!
 The story follows Issei Hyodo, a dim-witted, lecherous second-year high school student who is killed by a girl on his first date ever. Issei is reincarnated as a devil, and from that day forward, he serves as an underling of Riasu, a high-level devil who is also the prettiest girl on Issei’s campus.
 The third season of High School DxD based on the light novel series by Ichiei Ishibumi.
 Fourth season of High School DxD.
 Fourth season of High School DxD.
 The story follows Issei Hyodo, a dim-witted, lecherous second-year high school student who is killed by a girl on his first date ever. Issei is reincarnated as a devil, and from that day forward, he serves as an underling of Riasu, a high-level devil who is also the prettiest girl on Issei’s campus.
 The misadventures of Issei Hyoudou, high school pervert and aspiring Harem King, continue on in High School DxD New. As the members of the Occult Research Club carry out their regular activities, it becomes increasingly obvious that there is something wrong with their Knight, the usually composed and alert Yuuto Kiba. Soon, Issei learns of Kiba's dark, bloody past and its connection to the mysterious Holy Swords. Once the subject of a cruel experiment, Kiba now seeks revenge on all those who wronged him.With the return of an old enemy, as well as the appearance of two new, Holy Sword-wielding beauties, it isn't long before Issei and his Devil comrades are plunged into a twisted plot once more.
 The story follows Issei Hyodo, a dim-witted, lecherous second-year high school student who is killed by a girl on his first date ever. Issei is reincarnated as a devil, and from that day forward, he serves as an underling of Riasu, a high-level devil who is also the prettiest girl on Issei’s campus.
 The story follows Issei Hyodo, a dim-witted, lecherous second-year high school student who is killed by a girl on his first date ever. Issei is reincarnated as a devil, and from that day forward, he serves as an underling of Riasu, a high-level devil who is also the prettiest girl on Issei’s campus.
 Announced in April 2018.
 Eriko, along with pals Yuma and Ayano, tests into an exclusive all-girls high school. Her dream of attending a school full of beautiful, clean, and classy role-model girls is soon shattered, as the reality of an all-girl school sets in. Rumor goes, with an absence boys in the school, an atmosphere of laxness sets in, slowly eroding the girls’ regard for culture and become a creature far scarier than boys.

 It happened suddenly
 The story involves a group of high school students at Ayana Academy, a school with music as its main focus. A trio of students are called Hanasakura-kai, designating the most talented from the music department. To get in, individuals must enter through a Star Frame class. The series tells the story of Yuuta Hoshiya, Tooru Nayuki, Kaito Tsukikage, Shou Tengeiji, and Shuu Kuga as they aim for a position in the musical department after being spotted by Ootori, one of the Hanasakura-kai members.
 A new year arrives as the school festival ends. The season has come as Kaou-kai members leave their jobs after doing their final duties. Each musical team prepares for the final big performance for the year, Graduation Ceremony, to show their gratitude. After Itsuki Ootori left Kaou-kai during the school festival, the ex-Team Ootori is not qualified to participate while they are still students of the music department. In the midst of these events, Yuuta Hoshitani and the others make a decision...
 A school comedy with violent and blue jokes. Fujiwara Megumi is a beautiful high school girl but has a selfish and violent character. She has a boyfriend named Matsumoto Masamune, but she often goes around with other boys, who end up as victims due to her selfish behavior.
 The year is 1991 and 6th grader Yaguchi Haruo only has video games to live for. He's not popular in school and he's neither handsome, funny, nice nor even friendly. The only thing he has going for him is that he is good at video games. One day at the local arcade, he plays Oono Akira, a fellow classmate but who's popular, smart, pretty and a rich girl that absolutely destroys him at Street Fighter II. Not only does he lose to her 30 times in a row, he can’t beat her at any game. Haruo can’t seem to shake Akira off as she follows him from arcade to arcade everyday after school and beats him every time. As weird as it sounds, the odd couple begins a strange bond and friendship.
 Second season of High Score Girl.
 The year is 1996, and second-year high school students Haruo Yaguchi, Akira Oono, and Koharu Hidaka live their lives as passionately about video games as they were five years ago. Brought together by arcade games, what began as a healthy rivalry and friendship has turned into something more. As they endeavour towards understanding their unfamiliar feelings, they work with allies, navigate high school, and find that, although life has its many challenges, there's always a game or two they can rely on.
 Episodes 13-15 of High Score Girl.
 In revenge, patience is a virtue. And after a millennium, Colin MacLeod does not give a damn about virtue.The lone warrior Colin travels with the wise-cracking ghost Amergan through the ages searching for the immortal despot Marcus Octavius, who killed his lover on the Celtic plains tens of centuries ago. On his quest, he discovers New York is submerged, and one dominant monolith fortress towers over the seas. Colin can save the survivors, but his sword only hungers for the blood of one man. Despite many lifetimes of training, Colin has failed to vanquish Marcus on the great battlefields of history.Can he finish what he started and stop Marcus? Will Colin lead the people to freedom or become consumed by hate? There can be only one.
 Colin MacLeod, the immortal Scottish Highlander, travels with the wise-cracking ghost Amergan in search of the immortal despot Marcus Octavius, who killed Colin's lover on the Celtic plains centuries earlier. The once great city of New York is now submerged under water, with only one dominant fortress towering over the sea, the fortress of Marcus Octavius. MacLeod is torn between saving the survivors of New York and hunting down his nemesis.
 Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes
 Takashi Komuro is a normal highschool boy, until an infection breaks out that turns people into zombie-like creatures. Along with his friends & the school nurse, they fight their way out and continue their journey to find out what exactly has happened to the world.
 Takashi Komuro is a normal highschool boy, until an infection breaks out that turns people into zombie-like creatures. Along with his friends & the school nurse, they fight their way out and continue their journey to find out what exactly has happened to the world.
 In the near future, a next-generation racing event called NEX Race is announced, changing the world of racing. New technology has made racing at over 500 km/h safe, changing racing on the world stage completely. Rin Rindou, who once dreamed of being a ballet dancer, had given up her dream due to an injury, becoming a NEET and living with her grandmother. However, one day she is suddenly thrown into the world of next-generation racing.
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 New kid Keiichi Maebara is settling into his new home of peaceful Hinamizawa village. Making quick friends with the girls from his school, he’s arrived in time for the big festival of the year.But something about this isolated town seems "off," and his feelings of dread continue to grow. With a gnawing fear that he’s right, what dark secrets could this small community be hiding?
 Keiichi Maebara has just moved to the quiet little village of Hinamizawa in the summer of 1983, and quickly becomes inseparable friends with schoolmates Rena Ryuuguu, Mion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjou, and Rika Furude. However, darkness lurks underneath the seemingly idyllic life they lead. As the village prepares for its annual festival, Keiichi learns about the local legends surrounding it. To his horror, he discovers that there have been several murders and disappearances in the village in the recent years, and that they all seem to be connected to the festival and the village's patron god, Oyashiro. Keiichi tries to ask his new friends about these incidents, but they are suspiciously silent and refuse to give him the answers he needs. As more and more bizarre events occur, he wonders just what else his friends might be keeping from him, and if he can even trust them at all.When madness and paranoia begin taking root in Keiichi's heart, he will stumble straight into the mysteries at work in Higurashi no Naku Koro ni, a story that is told across multiple arcs.
 New kid Keiichi Maebara is settling into his new home of peaceful Hinamizawa village. Making quick friends with the girls from his school, he’s arrived in time for the big festival of the year.But something about this isolated town seems "off," and his feelings of dread continue to grow. With a gnawing fear that he’s right, what dark secrets could this small community be hiding?
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 After moving into the quiet town of Hinamizawa, Maebara Keiichi spends his days blissfully in school often playing games with his local friends. However, appearances can be deceiving. One fateful day, Keiichi stumbles upon news of a murder that had occurred in Hinamizawa. From this point on, horrific events unfold in front of Keiichi, as he soon learns his close friends may not be all that they seem. Based on the amateur mystery game by 7th Expansion, the story is told in a series of different scenarios.
 Sequel to Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Gou.
 Sequel to Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Gou.
 After losing a bet, Keiichi, Mion, Rena, Satoko and Rika parade around the town in costumes. When they come to a fork in the road, they decide to go to Yagouchi, a nearby abandoned village. Once there Keichii and Rena learn the mystery of a strange haunted quarry as they debate whether or not to check it out.
 Gods and ghosts only exist in fairy tales, right? That's the impression that high school girl Tamki Kasuga has before she goes to live with her grandmother in the remote village of Kifumura. After being attacked by strange creatures upon her arrival, she is soon informed that females in her family contain the blood of the Tamayori Princess, who has the responsibility and power of keeping gods and ghosts sealed away so that they can't harm the general public. At first Tamaki has trouble believing this, but having five beautiful young men following her everywhere she goes acting as her guardians goes a long way towards convincing her.There's more to this job than Tamaki first realizes, however, and the path that lies ahead of her is fraught with peril and danger. Will she be able to successfully take on the heavy role that has been put on her shoulders?
 Second season of Hiiro no Kakera.
 In the future, water has covered much of the Earth due to the effects of global warming. The orphaned Maia Mizuki, 15, just graduated from middle school and has already applied for employment in the elite paramilitary Ocean Agency, part of the futuristic world government. Only the best, most intelligent, and physically fit students are eligible for admission. Maia, the series' protagonist, is set to become one of the few.But her ideal life quickly falls apart. To her disappointment, Maia unexpectedly fails her entrance exams. Making matters worse, she promptly gets evicted from her house, pick pocketed, taken hostage, then shot. She is "saved" by two women (Rena and Shizuka) that are part of an unorthodox help-for-hire organization called Nereids (inspired by the Greek mythological Nereids ). With nowhere to go, Maia joins up with Nereids, taking jobs from capturing wanted criminals to chasing stray cats, often with unexpected results. Gloria and Yu later join up with Nereids."Daphne" in the title refers to a subplot that starts midway into the series and eventually become important to Maia. "Brilliant Blue" refers to the fact that this is a world covered by water with almost no land. The world consists of vast oceans, a few islands, and floating cities.
 Two bonus episodes that take place during the course of the series, approximately halfway through it seems. They are entitled 'Everything you always wanted to know about Nereids (but were afraid to ask)' and 'Heaven can wait for Maia Mizuki'. These stories are more lighthearted and comedic in tone, bordering on silly.
 Hikaru Shindo is just a normal 12 year old boy, but one day he’s rumaging through his Grandfather’s things to see if he can find something to sell and pulls out an old Go board. A ghostly apparation appears out of the board and tells Hikaru his sad story. His name is Sai Fujiwara, a man who was a Go instructor to the emperor of Japan a thousand years ago. However, because of bad sportsmanship of his opponent during a game, Sai was accused of cheating and banished from the city.With no livelihood or any other reason to live, Sai commited suicide by drowning himself. Now, he haunts a Go board, and wants to accomplish the perfect Go game, called the “Hand of God” which he hopes to do through Hikaru. If Hikaru will be able to do it or not (or even wants to) will have to be seen.
 12-year-old Shindou Hikaru is just your average 6th grader. One day, while searching through his grandfather's attic, he comes across an old Go board. Upon touching the Go board, Hikaru is possessed by the spirit of Fujiwara no Sai, and continues to be haunted by him soon after. Sai was once a great Go player, who committed suicide and continued to stay in the world as a spirit desiring only to play Go once again. Finally bending to Sai's pleas, Hikaru allows Sai to play Go through himself, unknowingly attempting the first game with the young prodigy Touya Akira. Time has finally started moving, as Sai's quest for the perfect game, "The Hand of God", is set underway. Based on the manga by Yumi Hotta and Takeshi Obata.
 Hikaru Shindo is just a normal 12 year old boy, but one day he’s rumaging through his Grandfather’s things to see if he can find something to sell and pulls out an old Go board. A ghostly apparation appears out of the board and tells Hikaru his sad story. His name is Sai Fujiwara, a man who was a Go instructor to the emperor of Japan a thousand years ago. However, because of bad sportsmanship of his opponent during a game, Sai was accused of cheating and banished from the city.With no livelihood or any other reason to live, Sai commited suicide by drowning himself. Now, he haunts a Go board, and wants to accomplish the perfect Go game, called the “Hand of God” which he hopes to do through Hikaru. If Hikaru will be able to do it or not (or even wants to) will have to be seen.
 New year special. Summary recap. This episode should be seen between episodes 12 and 13.
 Fam and Ihrie are willing to do almost anything to make a buck. So when these debt-driven damsels discover the potential profits to be hand in recovering a particularly dangerous mystical object, it means mortal peril for an entire civilization.There's no guarantee that they'll live long enough to squander the fabulous wealth they've been promised, and danger lurks around every turn as they cross dark seas in pursuit of legendary evil. Haunted by an unspeakable curse, plagued by doomsday prophecies, plotted against by untrustworthy traveling companions and looked in desperate race to gain the Ultimate Power, Fam and Ihrie are the Ruin Explorers!
 Fam and Ihrie are willing to do almost anything to make a buck. So when these debt-driven damsels discover the potential profits to be hand in recovering a particularly dangerous mystical object, it means mortal peril for an entire civilization.There's no guarantee that they'll live long enough to squander the fabulous wealth they've been promised, and danger lurks around every turn as they cross dark seas in pursuit of legendary evil. Haunted by an unspeakable curse, plagued by doomsday prophecies, plotted against by untrustworthy traveling companions and looked in desperate race to gain the Ultimate Power, Fam and Ihrie are the Ruin Explorers!
 Himawari is back in all her comical ninja mischief. The sequel to Himawari continues with the many odd and hilarious adventures of Himawari, Hayato and her ninja classmates. Season two delves into Himawari and Hayato's past. Will new secrets be revealed? Will Himawari finally find out about her past and the mysterious ninja that saved her when she was little?
 Himawari Hinata recently transfered to Shinobi Gakuen to train to become the best kunoichi she can be. She wanted to be a ninja ever since she was saved by one when she was little. On her first day, she meets Hayato Madenokoji (a new transfer teacher) who saves her life. Hayato does not possess any ninja skills or traits, he is teaching the ninjas about normal society to pay off his debt. However, Himawari notices that Hayato bares the same mark on his neck as the ninja who saved her when she was young.
 The Fairytale World is in trouble. Its princesses and their respective worlds are disappearing, causing a ripple effect in the human world where their stories are popular. In order to save the Fairytale World, the Queen sends three magic animals, Sei, Dai, and Ryoku, to the human world with magic gems to find three girls who can become the "Super Miracle Idols," the princesses Snow White, Cinderella, and Kaguya-hime. Those "princesses" end up being three little girls
 Erika, the princess of the Magic Kingdom has come to Earth in order to find a human girl who looks just like her. That girl turns out to be Himeko Nonohara, a tomboy's tomboy. Erika must give Himeko a magical item she has created in order to prove her worth as a successor to the crown. Himeko must test this item, a hair ribbon that allows her to transform into any other person she sees, to see if it is worthy. The series follows Himeko's adventures and her budding romance with Daichi, the boy who discovers her secret.
 Arikawa Hime is a second-year student at Shimoshina High School. Forced to assume a large amount of debt left behind by his now-absent parents, Hime is saved by the three girls of his school's student council after he is chased down by debt collectors. In return for paying off his debt, Hime agrees to their conditions of becoming the student council's "dog" and spending his high school life dressed as a girl.
 Himeko is supposed to be a common high school student... until she happens to obtain a crown and she becomes a princess. Since then, Nana, the true princess, follows her around to take the crown back. In addition, Leslie and Caren, the thieves, appear to rob her of the crown, and her peaceful life turns into turmoil.
 High school student Himiko Himejima finds her life change forever when a mysterious flame appears before her one day. Along with her schoolmate Kutani Masahiko, Himiko is transported by the flame to an ancient kingdom known as Yamatai. The Yamatai kingdom has recently come under the attack of the Kune empire during its ritual to select a queen among six candidates. As the evil general of Kune creates an army of undead for power, the six queen candidates lead a resistance force to overthrow the Kune empire. Himiko and Kutani soon find themselves fighting alongside the queen candidates to save the kindgom. With some new-found power, Himiko and Kutani slowly realize their links to the ancient world and discover the power of the sacred flame.
 Eagle Talon, a secret society based in Kojimachi, Tokyo, with plans for world domination, isn’t a secret society anymore! In fact, it’s a famous society, known by just about every household in Japan there is, because Eagle Talon went nation-wide with golden time on NHK!
 Latest Himitsukessha Taka no Tsume series to be aired on TV.
 The comedy anime centers on five girls and one cat all living as housemates in Nakano, Tokyo
 OVA project crowdfunded through Green Funding. It's an extra episode of Himote House which was originally planned to air during the series' TV broadcast, but couldn't due to production difficulties.
 The sibling gag comedy manga centers around Umaru, Taihei's little sister who boasts beautiful looks as well as prowess in both school and sports; however, "Himouto" (beautiful little sister) has a certain secret.
 Unaired episode of Himouto! Umaru-chan included with the manga's seventh compiled volume.
 Second season of Himouto! Umaru-chan.
 Umaru Doma is a model student who has a hidden side
 Short episodes included in the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
 The "highly entertaining action drama" is set in Izu, Japan, where men are fighting over a woman called Hina. What is it exactly that makes Hina mislead men? As the men try to reveal their true feelings for Hina, strong, muscly men also get involved and the sound of the festival drum signals the start of a confrontation.
 Liones Yelistratova, a pure princess from a small country, enters a school in Hokkaido on a spring day. The school is a specialized educational institution operated by ALCA to train Logicalists, who maintain world peace. Liones enters class S, where she meets many classmates with unique personalities, like Nina. A lively and cute everyday life begins now.
 Liones Yelistratova, a pure princess from a small country, enters a school in Hokkaido on a spring day. The school is a specialized educational institution operated by ALCA to train Logicalists, who maintain world peace. Liones enters class S, where she meets many classmates with unique personalities, like Nina. A lively and cute everyday life begins now.
 Hinako is a shy little girl whom animals are instinctively drawn to. Because of this, Hinako works as a scarecrow to keep said animals away from the crops in her neighbors fields. Thus the tale of the scarecrow girl begins!
 One night, a strange object falls on the head of Nitta, a member of the yakuza. Inside the box is a strange young girl named Hina. She has tremendous supernatural powers, and Nitta finds himself reluctantly taking her in. Her powers can come in handy for his yakuza business, but he also runs the risk of her using them on him! Not to mention, if she doesn't use her powers, she will eventually go berserk and destroy everything around her. Nitta and Hina's strange life together is just beginning...
 One night, a strange object falls on the head of Nitta, a member of the yakuza. Inside the box is a strange young girl named Hina. She has tremendous supernatural powers, and Nitta finds himself reluctantly taking her in. Her powers can come in handy for his yakuza business, but he also runs the risk of her using them on him! Not to mention, if she doesn't use her powers, she will eventually go berserk and destroy everything around her. Nitta and Hina's strange life together is just beginning...
 Hinata is very good at drawing and falls in love with his classmate, Shigure; however, Hinata is not good at talking to people, so he keeps his feelings in his imagination and drawings. Then, Shigure's family decides to move to another town. On the day of their move, Hinata says to himself, "I must tell her my feelings!" and starts to chase after the train which is taking Shigure away.
 In the city of Salta, a place where the sun never shines, a community of vampires lives. Hipira is a little vampire who lives the life of a typical boy, attending school and dealing with bullies along the way. However, he also has a soft spot for exploring, playing pranks on others and having grand adventures! Whether he's befriending a human soul, scaring his neighbours by pretending day has come or encountering giant frogs and aliens, Hipira is always getting himself into and out of trouble.
 A major incident has occurred in the peaceful Sky Land!?The young Princess Elle has been kidnapped by the monsters of Underg Empire!A brave young girl, Sora, follows the princess through a mysterious hole."TV"? "Cars"? Are those some kind of magic tools!?!?But there's no time to be surprised! She has to get the princess back to the castle...!Flying between two worlds! The adventure with the Pretty Cure begins now!It's hero time!
 Kokone Morikawa has a strange napping disease that distracts her from reality, one that makes the world of her dreams and the real world near indistinguishable. In reality, she is an average high school student preparing for her university entrance exams; but in her dreams she is a magical princess of Heartland, a machine-driven future where the use of artificial intelligence is forbidden.Within the seemingly imaginary dreamland, Kokone discovers more about her family's past and the secret that her father, a talented mechanic, has tried to protect her from. However, as the events between two worlds intertwine, she must now protect the secret from villainous entities, both dream-like and terrifyingly real.
 Straightforward and innocent Hisone Amakasu is a Self-Defense Force rookie stationed at the Air Self-Defense Force's Gifu Base. She was struggling with the fact that she sometimes hurts people unintentionally by her innocent words and decided to join the Air Self-Defense Force, hoping to maintain a certain distance from people. This decision led her to a fateful encounter which profoundly changed her life. It was the "OTF" dragon hidden in the base and it chose Hisone as his pilot. When it soared into the sky with Hisone, her fate as a dragon pilot was decided. It is said that dragons have a key to the future of the world...
 "Weak Legs" Kenichi Shirahama would rather spend his time reading self improvement books than fighting. However, when he finally works up the courage to become strong and join his school's karate club, he is coerced into fighting a bullying upperclassman who is intent on getting him kicked out of the club. He is about to give it all up until he falls for his mysterious new classmate, Miu Furinji. In order to face this challenge, he undergoes rigorous training at the dojo she lives at, Ryouzanpaku. Some initial training by the masters there allow him to defeat his upperclassman, however his fighting prowess brings him to the attention of the powerful gang of delinquents, Ragnarok. Wishing to protect the things he loves and determined to have the strength to face the increasing adversity, he must learn various martial arts from the dojo's resident masters, taking Karate, Muay Thai, Ju Jitsu and Chinese Martial Arts and combining them to create his own fighting style!
 DVD only specials.
 Asai Mugi, a new student at Kumataka arts academy, has trouble speaking when she is confronted with her extreme stage fright. Forced to join the schools Drama Research Society by upperclassmen, she gradually changes due to the influence of drama.
 A two-week summer vacation has turned out to be a long struggle for survival.“The Story of 15 Boys” is based on "Deux Ans de Vacances", a unique masterpiece and the only novel that Jules Verne wrote especially for children. Now this story has been animated through the use of leading-edge techniques.A drifting sailboat carrying 15 boys is overtaken by a storm and cast ashore on a desert island, where the fifteen boys begin their struggle. Their tough days-full of danger, thrills and fear-drive the boys to distress at times, but also shape them into strong independent people.The boys' extraordinary experiences on the island will bring to all young viewers the excitement that they always dream of experiencing themselves.
 One day, Zhang Chulan is attacked by zombies in a graveyard. In the midst of that situation, he saves the life of a girl, throwing the kitchen knife in his hand in order to kill the enemies. The girl tells Chulan, who is relieved, to face his hardships head on and leaves. However, Chulan later sees that girl again at his university. From that moment, Zhang Chulan's destiny begins to move. There will be strangers with special powers appearing one by one, with battles involving those abilities. Each episode will bring a new mystery to light.
 Second season of Hitori no Shita
 Third season of Hitori no Shita
 Hitori Bocchi suffers from extreme social anxiety, she's not good at talking to people, takes pretty extreme actions, is surprisingly adept at avoiding people, her legs cramp when she overexerts herself, gets full of herself when alone, will vomit when exposed to extreme tension and often comes up with plans. Now she is entering middle school and her only friend, Yawara Kai, is attending a different school. This leaves Bocchi alone, surrounded by new classmates with whom she must make friends before Kai will talk to her again.
 Rin Suzune is a nine-year-old girl who, due to her parents' deaths, lives alone and runs her family's restaurant by herself. Since she is a child, she lacks the proper knowledge to cook good food and manage a business, so her attempts to make money are unsuccessful. To make matters worse, she is bullied in school for being poor! But through it all, Rin remains resilient. Although her restaurant's food is not the greatest, local residents are drawn to the establishment, hoping to lend Rin a hand because of her sincere nature.
 Story involving Kensuke's brother, Ooshiba Kousuke and friend, Setagawa Masahiro from Hitorijime Boyfriend.
 Masahiro Setagawa is a hopeless teenager who is often used by the neighborhood bullies as an errand boy. Defenseless, Masahiro knows that nobody will ever save him. However, his life drastically changes when he meets Kousuke Ooshiba, a man known as the "Bear Killer," who takes down neighborhood gangs.A year later, Masahiro and his former friend, Kensuke Ooshiba, attend high school, only to find that Kousuke is their math teacher. While the three grow closer, Masahiro starts to view Kousuke as his "hero," and Kousuke develops an urging desire to protect Masahiro. However, their normal lives take a turn when Kensuke's childhood friend, Asaya Hasekura, returns, seeing Kensuke as more than just a friend, much to his surprise. Will the three boys be able to live a regular high school life? Or will forbidden love keep them apart forever?
 Toru Acura is a 20-year-old retired soldier meandering through life now that the war has ended. He encounters Chaika Trabant, a 14-year-old sorceress carrying a coffin, and follows her in hopes of finding meaning to his life again. The two travel with Toru's adopted sister, Akari, the employed member of the group and thus Toru's source of income.
 Hitsugi no Chaika is about the quest of a pretty and charming 14-year old sorceress named Chaika Trabant, who carries a coffin on her back. She is surprisingly adept in casting high-precision spells, but she has no memory of her past. The only thing she knows is to gather the scattered remains of Emperor Gaz. Toru Acura is a Saboteur who relies on his adoptive sister Akari for their food. After the fall of Gaz Empire, he finds it difficult to land a job until he meets Chaika in the woods, and agrees to help her accomplish her quest along with Akari.
 Unaired anime-original OVA bundled with 12th volume of the Hitsugi no Chaika novel.
 Second Season of Hitsugi no Chaika series.
 The search for the remains of Emperor Gaz continues. Chaika still in search of knowing who she really is and what her purpose is. Similarly, the Red Chaika continues the search for the rest of Emperor Gaz's remains. The Gillette corporation continues the mission to catch every last Chaika. In their adventure they give a revealing account kept secret by the Emperor, which Chaika, Fredrica, Toru, and Akari decide to uncover.
 Abandoned by his parents at the age of three, Takashiro Kazuna was sent live with relatives and has grown up in the care of his aunt and uncle. Now in high school, Kazuna begins having reoccuring dreams of blood and death. Not knowing where to turn, he returns home to his parent's house to find Chizuna, his younger sister living alone in the big empty house. He learns from his sister that his father committed suicide some six months earlier, a fact that was intentionally hidden from him. When Chizuna learns about his dreams, she explains that he is suffering from the Takashiro family disease - a curse which causes an uncontrollable craving for blood - a curse that has already taken the lives of his parents and that Chizuna has been suffering from since childhood - a curse that is now beginning to effect him.
 Hiyori, a small and timid girl, goes to school for the first time in a year since an accident left her hospitalized. Follow her as she struggles with her social skills, tries to make friends and maybe even a little bit more...?
 Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials.
 In a city of a parallel world. A boy finds a pair of broken scissors from his father's belongings after he passed away. And a boy's mother tells him that his father had been a gardener in the past. Then he figures out the scissors were made by Sasuke, who is an artisan living in a foreign country. The boy travels all the way to a place where Sasuke lives in order to get his scissors fixed.
 Akino works in the most exclusive department store in the city as a concierge
 In the post-nuclear apocalyptic future in 199X, the human race has regressed. Weak villagers are reduced to slavery, while genetically enhanced giants rule the world. Gunpowder seems only a distant memory, and the martial arts is the only weapon a man can count on.Two schools face one another in the battle for dominion
 Following a cataclysmic nuclear war, the world teeters on the brink of complete destruction. Civilization is polarized into a degenerate society where opposing packs of marauding scavengers prey on helpless, homeless nomads. For those who are lucky enough to survive the constant brutality and danger, it is a bleak existence. Life an death blur into abstractions. The only hope left for mankind is to find a hero worthy of becoming the next "Fist of the North Star" - an enlightened warrior - who is capable of leading those with the will to survive out of this barrenness into a new world. But in this savage no-man's land of shifting loyalties and power-hungry demi-gods, heroes are in short supply.

 In a post-nuclear future, human race has made many steps. Normal people have become slaves, while genetically modified giants rule the world. Gunpowder is a distant memory and martial arts is the only weapon a man can count on. Two schools face each other in the battle for dominion
 In the wastelands following the great nuclear war, a legend grew of a man. “Hokuto No Ken.” The Fist of the North Star. Master of a legendary fighting technique. A man of impossible strength and endurance. Yet before Ken claimed the title of the Fist, there was another master, trained in the art of Hokuto Shinken, the King of the Fist, the Divine Fist of Heaven. Raoh
 Comedy shorts featuring various VTuber characters from Hololive agency.
 Comedy shorts featuring various VTuber characters from Hololive agency.
 Welcome to an alternative world.
 2021
 he three artifacts required to bring back hololive Summer have been stolen, and even hololive's leader YAGOO has gone missing.Upon realizing this, staff member Friend A (A-chan) gathers the hololive members, and sets off on a mission to find the three artifacts, rescue YAGOO, and ensure hololive Summer can happen this year.The long-awaited return of hololive Summer...But will that dream be quashed once more this year?Will the joy of the season be stolen again?This summer...the girls' quest begins.
 Mizumura Shinta is a plain undergraduate student. One day, he meets a transfer student from Romania, Kishimoto Lilith. She is a half human and half vampire. Through the life with Lilith, he knows the secret of his birth. He is the sole descendant of the Romuald clan, the vampire hunters.
 The story centers around a timid orphan named Mizumura Shinta who goes to a missionary school in Tokyo. His seemingly normal life changes when a beautiful half-human Romanian girl named Lilith suddenly transfers into his school. Mizumura discovers that he is actually a vampire hunter and the successor of the Romuald lineage.

 In the year 2124, Christopher is on a research expedition to Mars where he discovers a missing commercial vessel...
 The fate of the world rests in the ability of three untested warriors to defeat an unearthly army of darkness. Sorcery, martial arts and an unrequited love, spanning the centuries, explode in an epic battle at the gates of the forbidden city. Crimson Wolf is an unusual departure for the Anime genre - rooted in real world reference, it makes the fantasy all the more believeable.
 Takemoto Yuuta, Mayama Takumi, and Morita Shinobu are college students who share the small apartment. Even though they live in poverty, the three of them are able to obtain pleasure through small things in life. The story follows these characters’ life stories as poor college students, as well as their love lives when a short but talented 18 year old girl called Hanamoto Hagumi appears.
 Takemoto Yuuta, Mayama Takumi, and Morita Shinobu are college students who share the small apartment. Even though they live in poverty, the three of them are able to obtain pleasure through small things in life. The story follows these characters’ life stories as poor college students, as well as their love lives when a short but talented 18 year old girl called Hanamoto Hagumi appears.
 Back from his journey across Japan, Yuuta Takemoto reminisces about his college life so far. He has matured significantly since his second year and is motivated to move forward.Feeling more confident than ever before, he finally confesses to Hagumi Hanamoto, the girl he has been in love with since their first encounter. However, Hagumi has been confused by her attempts to understand the mysterious Shinobu Morita. Hiding behind a playful demeanor, Morita may be the most burdened by his own potential. Meanwhile, Takumi Mayama has become a full-fledged working adult and has landed Ayumi Yamada several pottery orders through his company in an act of friendship.The five youths continue to face individual hardships in academics, work, love, and friendship as they push each other toward the paths that they are destined to walk.
 Takemoto Yuuta, Mayama Takumi, and Morita Shinobu are college students who share the small apartment. Even though they live in poverty, the three of them are able to obtain pleasure through small things in life. The story follows these characters’ life stories as poor college students, as well as their love lives when a short but talented 18 year old girl called Hanamoto Hagumi appears.
 Two side stories
 Jiang City famous business elite Ji Junyang was framed by the enemy and was blinded in a car accident. When he was on the verge of collapse, there was a young mysterious woman showed up. She helped him recover while he fell in love with her generally. But he didn't know the woman's name and called her "HONEY" On the first day of regaining the light, she suddenly disappeared, and Ji Junyang was angry and puzzled. He vowed to find her and ask her to come back.
 After a disaster destroyed the planet, Jiu led a group of armed escorts and traveled around the red wasteland to find the method to heal the planet.
 Based on an illustration book by Naka Fukamachi. The anime offers heartwarming peeks at the lives of close couples and families.
 A music-video style recap OVA. This release covers episode 12-20 and is with classical music entirely except for one song right before the credits. The beginning also has a unique frosted boarder frame around the video that changes designs which was not present in the the first music recap nor in the original anime.
 While Randy was walking through the Swiss countryside he finds a small girl, who seemed to be the only survived person from an airplane crash. The little girl didn’t remember anything, and Randy decided to take care of her and he called her Judy. The both go their childhood together. A few years later, Judy, now 16 years old, wants to find her past. With the help of Randy, she leaves to research her origins. Her single clue is a song that she keeps hearing in her head, the song is called Alpine Rose. At a time of world war, these two young people will have to overcome many obstacles to arrive at their goal in this time of war, with having only each other to comfort and support. the depth of their love.
 A music-video style recap OVA. This release covers episode 1-11. Some music used is full song versions with accompanied singing, other sections of the recap are entirely classical Austrian music.
 Transfer student Takisawa Noboru quickly learns that all disputes at his new school are settled in the boxing ring. Now he finds himself in a series of showdowns with the local top dog, Ibuki Saburo, for the love and respect of the beautiful Yukari.
 The story revolves around Kibayashi, a teacher whose hobby is speaking with the dead and whose special talent is exorcism. She seems to know everything about the other world, yet nothing about our own.
 Motosu Urano, a book-loving college student who just got her Librarian certification and was supposed to enter the job of her dreams after graduation, was killed during a massive earthquake crushing her underneath a pile of her own massive collection of books.Wishing for reincarnation in order to read even more, she got reincarnated to a world with a low literacy level and very few books, limited only to the nobility of the world. As she reincarnated as 5-year-old daughter of a lowly soldier, Maine, no matter how much she wants to read, there is no way there are any books around. If there are no books then what do you do? You make them yourself of course... What her goal is, to become a librarian no matter what, and to live a life surrounded by books. For starters she begins from making them.
 Second half of Honzuki no Gekokujou
 Second half of Honzuki no Gekokujou
 Third season of Honzuki no Gekokujou
 A new movie featuring a match between fan-voted members of the Inazuma Best Eleven team and the special Battle Eleven team.
 19 members of Inazuma Japan have been announced, and they will battle against the mysterious team "Orion's Apostle" in the Football Frontier International.
 A spin-off of the Inazuma Eleven soccer anime franchise. The first episode features the Fubuki brothers.
 An organization in the future sends the specially trained Team Ogre to defeat Endou Mamoru and his team, to prevent him from influencing the world with his soccer.
 IMAX-Movie.
 Keith, George, Edward, Yang and Shaw are Platoon #801, the five-man team formed to protect their homeworld in the Inferious galaxy from alien invasion. Gazaria's evil emperor Vince conquers the neighbor worlds of Kal and Granad, and suddenly only Platoon #801, also known as Condition Green, stands between him and the conquest of Emerald Earth.
 The story deals with those in this world who dwell in the dark, invisible to the naked eye. From time to time, these figures bare their fangs and attack people. Inferno Cop is a messenger of justice who came from the depths of hell to protect people from them.
 There are 12 companion pieces in the forms of "Fact Files" (which expand upon a given character from a corresponding episode) airing shortly after each episode.
 The original manga follows a young girl who summons a team of superheroes to save others. The anime adaptation will not adapt the story exactly. Promotional materials indicate heroes from the Tekkaman, Casshern, Gatchaman, and Hurricane Polymar franchises will appear.
 Emi is a seventeen-year-old girl living in Shibuya. Her father is always away with work and she's grown listless. Suddenly, a twist of fate involving a certain magical item changes everything. A mysterious pencil, of all things, is linked to the appearance of heroes from another world! Could this be the start to the excitement she's so desperately craving, or is there something more?
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The story of the original manga begins when a girl named Emi uses a pencil that can grant any wish. Emi gets caught up in the robbery of a convenience store, and her life is in danger. She uses the pencil to wish for a "hero that will save everyone." Four heroes appear in response to Emi's wish to change the course of the future. The anime will have a different story from the original manga.
 This is a story about the strongest single dog in history searching for his future wife.He is acknowledged as the strongest existence and stands at the top of the world,but wealth, fame, and power are not worth mentioning in his eyes.The strongest apostle has escaped and appeared on the human continent, and the reason is shockingly,Don’t misunderstand! I’m here to find my future wife. this is a story about the strongest single dog searching for a wife in history.
 In the year 2043, , the world's first successful full-dive VRMMO was released. In addition to its ability to perfectly simulate the five senses, along with its many other amazing features, the game promised to offer players a world full of infinite possibilities. Nearly two years later, soon-to-be college freshman, Reiji Mukudori, is finally able to buy a copy of the game and start playing. With some help from his experienced older brother, Shuu, and his partner Embryo, Reiji embarks on an adventure into the world of . Just what will he discover and encounter in this game world known for its incredible realism and infinite possibilities?
 In the year 2043, , the world's first successful full-dive VRMMO was released. In addition to its ability to perfectly simulate the five senses, along with its many other amazing features, the game promised to offer players a world full of infinite possibilities. Nearly two years later, soon-to-be college freshman, Reiji Mukudori, is finally able to buy a copy of the game and start playing. With some help from his experienced older brother, Shuu, and his partner Embryo, Reiji embarks on an adventure into the world of . Just what will he discover and encounter in this game world known for its incredible realism and infinite possibilities?
 The story revolves around the IS Academy and its students who are training to become pilots for the IS (Infinite Stratos) weapon system. It so happens that this system can only be operated by females. However there was one young man named Orimura Ichika (15) who was able to use the IS. He then finds himself attending the busy academy dominated by girls. As it turns out Shinonono Houki, a childhood friend, is one of his new classmates.
 Second season of Infinite Stratos.
 Ichika has gone home for the holidays. On one particular day, his rest is cut short when the girls start showing up at his doorstep one after the other.

 This is simply the OVA summing up the major events and battles of "Initial D 4th Stage" much like the "Initial D Battle Stage" original summed up the first 3 seasons. Additionally, has 2 extra battles from the manga that were not incorporated into the original 4th Stage.
 The Lancer EVO-driving group "Emperor" have defeated every racing team they've met in the Gunma region. Now they're out to challenge the duo of Mako and Sayuki and their SilEighty - the Impact Blue of Usui Mountain.
 Initial D Final Stage takes place right after the end of Fifth Stage and shows the long-awaited final fierce downhill battle between Takumi's 86 and Shinji's 86.
 Takumi Fujiwara is an aloof, spacey high-schooler who does delivery runs in his dad's Toyota AE86 in the dead of night. Despite working at a gas station and having friends who are car nuts, he doesn't know a single thing about cars.Takumi is introduced into the world of street racing and his natural talent draws attention from all across Gunma. Will Takumi face the challenges or back out from the call of the mountain passes?
 Takumi Fujiwara finally joins Ryousuke and Keisuke Takahashi to create "Project D." Their goal is twofold
 Following his victory over RedSuns leader Ryosuke Takahashi, AE86 driver Takumi Fujiwara is challenged by the Lancer EVO-based "Emperor," a group known for taking decals of racing teams they defeat, cutting them up and placing them on their cars like a fighter plane kill board. Takumi's undefeated streak is on the line as his AE86 is virtually no match against the more powerful and more agile four-wheel-drive EVOs of the Emperor team.
 Shortly after graduating from high school, Takumi is approached by RedSuns leader Ryosuke Takahashi and offered to join him in forming a professional racing team. Before coming up with an answer to the proposal, Takumi seeks retribution by issuing a rematch to Emperor leader Kyouichi Sudou, who previously defeated him due to an engine failure. He is also challenged by Kai Kogashiwa, a second-generation street racer whose father was once a fierce rival of Takumi's father Bunta.
 Initial D Battle Stage (special) will summarize all street races from the two TV series and movie and add one new race in the middle of it.Rather than simply using clips from the TV series, the new special will entirely re-animate all of the original CG car and background footage with new state-of-the-art computer graphics rendering. The special will also feature entirely new Super Eurobeat music and guest commentary from legendary "drift racer" Tsuchiya Keiichi.
 The Lancer EVO-driving group Emperor have defeated every racing team they've met in the Gunma region. Now they're out to challenge the duo of Mako and Sayuki and their SilEighty - the Impact Blue of Usui Mountain.
 Iketani missed an opportunity to see Mako and hates himself for never calling to say he was sorry. By chance he runs into her 6 months later, and the situation is awkward. Iketani does not have time to talk at that moment, so they arrange a second meeting.Iketani goes to the meeting place early, but an old man who was left behind from a tourist bus asks Iketani to take him to his destination instead. Iketani being a nice guy, can't say no. Will he miss the meeting yet again?
 Taking place in the sacred land of street running Kanagawa, once more Takumi Fujiwara will show his driving skills on his now legendary Hachi-roku.
 Takumi Fujiwara is the son of the owner of a local tofu shop. At night, Fujiwara gets in his souped up AE86 Sprinter Trueno (AE86 Corolla GT(DOHC)) and races on the seldom-used Japanese mountain roads. One night, the Akagi Red Suns team, a racing club, challenges the Akina Speed Stars to a race on the mountain where Fujiwara lives. Keisuke, one of the leaders of the Red Suns, races his legendary Mazda RX-7 - only to be beaten by the mysterious Fujiwara.
 Takumi Fujiwara and brothers Keisuke and Ryousuke Takahashi have formed "Project D", a racing team aimed at bringing their driving skills to their full potential outside their prefecture. Using the internet, Project D issues challenges to other racing teams and posts results of their races.Managed by Ryousuke, the team has Takumi engaging in downhill battles with his AE86, while Keisuke challenges opponents uphill. Among their rivals are the Seven-Star Leaf (SSR) and Todo-juku.Meanwhile, Takumi is caught off-guard on Mount Akina when he encounters his father Bunta and his newly acquired Subaru Impreza WRX Type R Version V.
 Following his victory over RedSuns leader Ryosuke Takahashi, AE86 driver Takumi Fujiwara is challenged by the Lancer EVO-based "Emperor," a group known for taking decals of racing teams they defeat, cutting them up and placing them on their cars like a fighter plane kill board. Takumi's undefeated streak is on the line as his AE86 is virtually no match against the more powerful and more agile four-wheel-drive EVOs of the Emperor team.
 Shortly after graduating from high school, Takumi is approached by RedSuns leader Takahashi Ryousuke and offered to join him in forming a professional racing team. Before coming up with an answer to the proposal, Takumi seeks retribution by issuing a rematch to Emperor leader Sudou Kyouichi, who previously defeated him due to an engine failure. He is also challenged by Kogashiwa Kai, a second-generation street racer whose father was once a fierce rival of Takumi's father Bunta.
 Five budgies meet every day in a club to help other birds.
 In the year 2010 AD, Hyper Hurricanes born concurrently all over the world caused severe damage. Five billion people lost their lives, decreasing the world's population to 3 billion. Existing economies and military were wiped out. Countries were frozen under solid ice, plains sank beneath seas, the world was changed dramatically.Human civilization enters a chaotic era. Poverty flourished outside of these economic zones and slums were widespread. The ruling class called themselves Logos and maintained their position by force of arms. They call the poor Revenus, who are exiled to live outside the special economic areas.Time has passed since then. Katsuragi Jo and Tsurasawa Jin, escape from Phantom, a force organized to watch Revenus and to suppress renegade elements of the Logos, taking with them a mysterious girl, Nobuto Sana. There are many who are interested in her, all with their own reasons.
 The five members of the literature club awakened with extraordinary powers half a year ago. Although the members expected to be thrown into a world of super-powered battles (inou-battle) at their school, their normal daily routine continued. No secret organizations bent on world destruction, no super-powered wars, no braves or demon kings.However, the members still look forward to the possibilities of adventure, and continued to believe that with each day, they were getting ever closer to those days of fantasy. Their days of romantic comedy and battles with extraordinary powers begin!
 The unnamed main character has been having strange dreams, seeing strange things, and meeting strange people. He investigates these events and finds a strange girl named Aya. With her help, he discovers that his world may not in fact be real and many of the people he thinks he knows may not exist anymore.
 The unnamed main character has been having strange dreams, seeing strange things, and meeting strange people. He investigates these events and finds a strange girl named Aya. With her help, he discovers that his world may not in fact be real and many of the people he thinks he knows may not exist anymore.
 This music video is the visual realization of "Discovery", an album by Daft Punk. It tells the story of a band of four extraterrestrial musicians who are kidnapped and brought back to Earth by an evil manager. Their only hopes lie with a space pilot from their home planet who, after receiving a distress call broadcasted during the abduction, seeks out to rescue them.
 The story follows the protagonist who wakes up one day transformed as Pochita, a pet dog of his cool and beautiful classmate Karen Inukai.
 The story follows the protagonist who wakes up one day transformed as Pochita, a pet dog of his cool and beautiful classmate Karen Inukai.
 Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray box volumes.
 Unaired episodes included in the Blu-ray box volumes.
 Matsumoto-san owns an innocent dog and an adorably devious cat. Laughing and crying ensue as they all live daily life together.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 The Shirakiin house's daughter, Shirakiin Ririchiyo, who has a complex about being unable to live independently and unprotected, feels the need to move out and live on her own under the condition of residing in the mansion named "Ayakashi Kan." In this mansion, only those who have cleared a very strict examination could reside in it, and for each resident, they are accompanied with one agent of the Secret Service (S.S.). Although Riricho has rejected the company of the S.S., while residing in the mansion she finds out that the agent dedicated to protecting her is actually the Fox Spirit whom she previously rescued.
 Unaired episode released with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. It consists of three short episodes newly written by the manga author Fujiwara Cocoa. Fujiwara also designed a new character called Hana-chan for the episode.
 Unaired episode released with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. It consists of three short episodes newly written by the manga author Fujiwara Cocoa. Fujiwara also designed a new character called Hana-chan for the episode.
 The story revolves around Nekoyama Suzu, a timid, shy tsundere girl loves dogs, and Inugami Yachiyo, a super masochistic, air-headed, friendly girl who loves cats. One day, after a fateful meeting, the two find themselves attracted to each other. In response to Inugami's instinctive approaches, Nekoyama is always bashful. Their friend Aki has to work hard to make jabs at some of the situations of the two, and also to stop Inugami from going berserk.
 Unaired episode bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD Box-Set.
 Kawahira Keita is a descendant of an ancient Inukami tamer family tasked with dealing with unruly spirits and daemons. While his Inukami (or spiritual pact creature) is a very strong female dog spirit named Youko, she is also very possessive and troublesome, especially when it comes to Keita's desire to live his youth to it's fullest.Youko feels that she is all that Keita needs in terms of companionship and takes strong issue whenever her master tries to go out to pick up girls. But together they do make a strong team when dealing with whatever perverted or perverse spirits are troubling their neighbourhood.
 In 2007, the Punishment of Sexual Perversions Law came into effect. The city is surrounded by a squadron wearing protective suits and they begin to arrest any who look like perversions. No wonder that Inukami Master Keita and Inukami Yoko are wanted for Class A perversions. What will happen to Keita, Yoko, Kaoru's Inukami, and the other lovely perversions? What about Karina?
 Based on the comic "Inuki Kanako Queen's Collection" by Inuki Kanako.Bukida is disliked by all the students in his class because of his unpleasant face. However, he loves a girl named Matsuko and so he stalks her. Though Matsuko rejects him, Bukida fancies she likes him at heart. One day, Bukida is killed in a traffic accident. Matsuko feels relieved. But Bukida appeared to her as the living dead. Bukida says, "I love you forever, even though I am dead!".
 Kagome leads a fairly normal life, in spite of her weird family. Her house is a thousand-year-old Japanese temple, and her grandfather talks about the history of the house endlessly. Legend has it that the old well on the temple grounds keeps a vicious ancient monster at bay; Kagome never believed those legends, until now. The well opens up and sucked Kagome inside transporting her to an ancient time of enchanted forests and giant demons.Kagome is soon confronted by her odd resemblance to Kikyou, the girl who controlled the magical Shikon no Tama talisman and imprisoned the legendary half-demon InuYasha. Upon entering this fantasy world, Kagome is attacked by a demon hunting the Shikon no Tama; she unwittingly releases InuYasha from his imprisonment, only to find that he's no hero.
 Based on the Shogakukan award-winning manga of the same name, InuYasha follows Kagome Higurashi, a fifteen-year-old girl whose normal life ends when a demon drags her into a cursed well on the grounds of her family's Shinto shrine. Instead of hitting the bottom of the well, Kagome ends up 500 years in the past during Japan's violent Sengoku period with the demon's true target, a wish-granting jewel called the Shikon Jewel, reborn inside of her.After a battle with a revived demon accidentally causes the sacred jewel to shatter, Kagome enlists the help of a young hybrid dog-demon/human named Inuyasha to help her collect the shards and prevent them from falling into the wrong hands. Joining Kagome and Inuyasha on their quest are the orphan fox-demon Shippo, the intelligent monk Miroku, and the lethal demon slayer Sango. Together, they must set aside their differences and work together to find the power granting shards spread across feudal Japan and deal with the threats that arise.
 Menoumaru, a demon and son of Hyoga, who has been sealed by Inuyasha's father 200 years ago, desires the power of Tetsusaiga for a special task. But instead of asking Inuyasha for it, he takes Kagome hostage and tricks him. The result is that Menoumaru turns even more powerful than before.Together with his female demon underlings Ruri and Hari he manages to turn friends into foes and lovers into haters.
 Inuyasha, Kagome and the others have cornered their arch-nemesis Naraku. Kagomes flying purification arrow and Inuyashas Tessaiga finally take Naraku down! Mysteriously, from that night on, the full moon strangely continues for several days.At that time, the unearthly appeared before Inuyasha and the others, calling herself "Kaguya, the Princess of Heaven"!What is the true relation of this greatest of enemies, who controls time freely, to Naraku? Right here and now, a new door opens on the magnificent tapestry of the warring country revolving around the Shikon no Tama!
 Many years ago, Inuyasha's father, the Great Dog Demon, wielded the Three Swords of the Fang. Upon his death he bequeathed a sword to each of his sons, Inuyasha and his rival brother, Sesshomaru. He locked the third sword, the wrath-filled Sounga, away forever. Now, 700 years later, the Sounga's tremendous power has been awakened and the two brothers must set aside their differences and join forces in an unlikely and uneasy alliance to battle a force that spells doom for all mankind.
 The island of Hourai, controlled by four demon gods. A girl who knows Inuyasha appears
 Inuyasha and company have finally destroyed Naraku. And each start to go in their separate ways. Sango going to find her younger brother Kohaku; Miroku back to his old home; Inuyasha, Kagome and Shippou go to gather the rest of the Shikon shards. Unfortunately this peace is not to last. Shortly afterwards the full moon rises, and just keeps rising each night bringing with it the promise of danger. Kagura and Kanna go in search of a mirror, where locked inside is the ruler of the eternal night, Kaguya. To set her free they must gather five items and drop them into the five lakes of Fuji. Setting her free means the worst danger for Inuyasha and the others. Who are forced to face this new threat.
 Izayoi and Inu no Taishou, Inuyasha's parents, are having problems with a human named Setsuna no Takemaru. Sou'unga a magical sword that has been sealed away for 700 years is found. Now everyone is after the sword and its powers but it seems the sword has something else in mind.
 The mysterious island of Houraijima has reappeared after 50 years, and with its reappearance has brought the attack of four gods, the Shitoushin, who have their eyes set on the powers that protect and sustain the island. Now it's up to Inuyasha and his friends, along with Sesshoumaru, to find a way to defeat the powerful Shitoushin.
 Inu-Yasha has mastered the ultimate attack of the Tetsusaiga and continues his battle for the Shikon Jewel shards with Kagome, Shippo, Sango, and Miroku. Unfortunately, a freak occurance with a jewel shard has brought to life an incarnation of a demonic enemy sealed by Inu-Yashas' father. Inu-Yasha must surpass his father and destroy this demon or every soul in Japan will be consumed.
 Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango, Shippou and their neko-mata friend Kirara, are now in the final leg of their quest to put an end to the elusive demon, Naraku and all of the chaos and evil he has caused, and to ultimately undo the unfortunate karma of the Jewel of Four Souls. Their journey, however, will not be easy as their remaining enemies put out all the stops to make sure that they do not accomplish their goal.This TV Anime depicts Volumes 36-56 (end) of the Inuyasha manga. The story continues from the last moment seen in Inuyasha's original anime. Inuyasha, Kagome, Sango, Miroku and Shippou are now in the definitive quest to beat Naraku and the evil he has created and absorbed, they don't lose hope since their future depends on it, but the path isn't easy nor short so they will go through life threatening situations and must put their friendship and love on the line with wisdom to know who their friends and foes are to succeed.
 At long last, Kagura has revealed to Kagome and Inuyasha, frequent time-travellers to the civil war period, the location of Naraku's Heart.Sesshoumaru, Kohaku (holder of a Shikon shard), Kagura (whose involvement with Kouga resulted in her betrayal of Naraku), and the plotting of Moryomaru will all affect the choices made by Kagome and Inuyasha.Should the Shikon Jewel be forged, Kikyou should be able to destroy Naraku. However, Naraku exercises great influence over evil men. When the Shikon Jewel is completed, the final battle will begin!What does the future hold for Kagome, Inuyasha, Miroku, Sango and Shippou?
 Inuyashiki Ichirou is down on his luck. While only 58 years old, his geriatric looks often have him written off as a pathetic old man by the world around him and he's constantly ignored and disrespected by his family despite all that he's done to support them. On top of everything else, his doctor has revealed that he has cancer and it appears that he has little time left in this world. But just when it seems things couldn't get any worse, a blinding light in the night sky strikes the earth where Ichirou stands. He later wakes up to find himself unscathed, but he soon starts to notice that there's something... different about himself. However, it turns out that these strange, new changes are just what Ichirou needs to take a new lease on life and now it seems like there's nothing to stop him from being a hero worthy of the respect that he never had before... unless, that is, there was someone else out there with these same changes...
 A modern female doctor suffers a car accident, and she is nothing more than a peerless beauty. She even traveled through ancient times and became a beggar that everyone yelled at. He was arrested in the brothel when he first arrived, but unexpectedly learned that the owner of the brothel was actually the prince of the dynasty? But the master who rescued me was too abstinent. Black-bellied arrogant son of iceberg? Warm as jade, warm-hearted master, watch me eat and wipe clean one by one!



 Kunyan lives her crazy life of misadventures from episode to episode. This comedy series is accompanied by a narrator who scientifically explains all that happens to her.
 Iria is the story of a girl and the Alien being she loves to hate. The series begins with her brother, Gren, taking a job. He is a bounty hunter, and one well known for his incredible skill. Iria, being a skilled apprentice bounty hunter herself, tags along. What is the job, one might ask. It is to find out what has happened to the crew and cargo of a Space Station. Needless to say, nothing is as it seems, and the war between Iria and Zeiram begins in earnest.
 On the last day of the summer break, Asaba Naoyuki sneaks into school for a secret swim at night. At the pool he encounters a mysterious girl named Iriya Kana, with embedded silver semi-spheres in her wrists.The following day, as the new school term begins, Iriya transfers to Asaba's class, much to his surprise. Iriya clearly has trouble associating with other students, but develops a liking to Asaba, and even joins theElectromagnetic Newspaper Club he is part of. Frequent calls to the teachers room, and numerous special privileges, along with a personal bodyguard, Enomoto, make it clear that Iriya is connected to and a very important part of the Sonohara military base nearby.And so Iriya and Asaba's heart-rending UFO summer begins...
 Maigahara Senior High, a prestigious music school, has always had a mysterious rumour
 In a futuristic world, young Marty stumbles upon a bionic arm which endows him with superhuman powers and put him at the centre of a centuries-old struggle between good and evil. His teenager heart will now begin a long-way training together with two loyal friends
 Tony Stark, CEO of a large weapons manufacturer, physicist, engineer, and brilliant inventor, is wounded by shrapnel from one of his own weapons. While held captive by terrorists, he develops the Iron Man Suit and escapes. From that day on, he vows not to waste his second chance at life and to change the world for the better. For that purpose, he comes to Japan.In Lab 23 in Japan, great strides have been taken to develop, and build, a unique power station which does not run on fossil fuels, the Arc Station. Stark intends to join this project, and, for that, he is ready to announce his retirement as Iron Man. At the same time, he will also announce the Mass-produced Iron Men, to which he will pass on his duties. However, during the ceremonies, Stark is suddenly attacked by combat mecha belonging to an organization known as Zodiac.
 Tony Stark, CEO of a large weapons manufacturer, physicist, engineer, and brilliant inventor, is wounded by shrapnel from one of his own weapons. While held captive by terrorists, he develops the Iron Man Suit and escapes. From that day on, he vows not to waste his second chance at life and to change the world for the better. For that purpose, he comes to Japan.In Lab 23 in Japan, great strides have been taken to develop, and build, a unique power station which does not run on fossil fuels, the Arc Station. Stark intends to join this project, and, for that, he is ready to announce his retirement as Iron Man. At the same time, he will also announce the Mass-produced Iron Men, to which he will pass on his duties. However, during the ceremonies, Stark is suddenly attacked by combat mecha belonging to an organization known as Zodiac.
 The series follows the adventures of teenage child prodigy Tony Stark, and his alter ego of Iron Man, as he uses his technological inventions to stop villains such as Mandarin, Mr. Fix, and Iron Monger. His friends, Jim ‘Rhodey’ Rhodes and Pepper Potts help him on his courageous, and dangerous adventures.
 The film explores a confrontation between Iron Man and the villainous Ezekiel Stane, who develops new bio-technology that seemingly outclasses the Iron Man armor. After Stane unleashes a terrorist attack and sets Tony Stark up to take the fall, Iron Man must evade S.H.I.E.L.D.'s man hunt and find a way to clear his name.
 The film explores a confrontation between Iron Man and the villainous Ezekiel Stane, who develops new bio-technology that seemingly outclasses the Iron Man armor. After Stane unleashes a terrorist attack and sets Tony Stark up to take the fall, Iron Man must evade S.H.I.E.L.D.'s man hunt and find a way to clear his name.
 Set in the city of Nagasaki, the story takes place in a world where a miniscule amount of magic remains in everyday life. Hitomi Tsukishiro is a 17-year-old descendant of a witch family who grew up with stale emotions, as she lost her sense of color at a very young age. Feeling sorry for her granddaughter's future, Kohaku, a great witch, sends Hitomi to past, the year 2018. Through exchanges with her 17-year-old grandmother and her club members, the story follows Hitomi's growth as a person.
 Despite the kaleidoscopic magic ingrained in everyday life, Hitomi Tsukishiro's monochrome world is deprived of emotion and feeling. On a night as black and white as any other, amidst the fireworks spreading across the sky, Hitomi's grandmother Kohaku conjures a spell, for which she has been harnessing the moon's light for 60 years, to send Hitomi back in time to the year 2018 when Kohaku was in high school.Hitomi's mission seems unclear, but her grandmother assures her that she will know when she gets there. Following a trip through time aboard a train driven by a strange yellow creature, Hitomi finds herself in stoic artist Yuito Aoi's room, and his drawings flood her world with color. What is Hitomi's purpose there, and why do Yuito's drawings return such breathtaking color to her drab world?
 In a distant, highly technological future, Tylor, the title character, is a mysterious young man without a real purpose in life, a state of mind that is very hard to determine, and a knack for accidentally getting out of near-death situations with a childishly cavalier attitude. He sometimes does not even seem to realize when he is in danger, which is actually an asset to him on many occasions.
 A program called World Purge sends illusions to all the girls about their ideal fantasies.
 Aikawa Ayumu is a normal high school boy. One day he is killed by a serial killer and revived as a zombie by a necromancer named Eucliwood Hellscythe. He starts to serve Eu as her guard but he happens to deprive the masou-shoujo Haruna of her magic power. Haruna orders Ayumu to fight against the anti-masou-shoujo system "Megalo" in her place.
 Aikawa Ayumu was revived as a zombie by the cute necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. After the zany, madcap adventures in the first season of Is This a Zombie? ended, Ayumu thought his life might finally get back to normal, or as normal as it can be for a zombie. However, destiny has other plans for him. Some guys just can't catch a break.
 Japan engineered an armed powered exoskeleton "Infinite Stratos" (IS) and it became the mainstream of weapons. Since only women can operate IS, women dominate the society over men. Orimura Ichika is a 15 year old boy and accidentally touches an IS placed in the IS pilot training school. He is found to be the only man who can operate IS and forced to enter the training school. Ichika's busy school life surrounded by girls has begun.
 New 40-minute OVA to be released on October 30, 2013. It will be a longer version of the second season's first episode, which is under the same title.
 An extended version of the second season's first episode, which is under the same title.
 A program called "World Purge" sends illusions to all the girls about their ideal fantasies.
 Second season of Infinite Stratos.
 On a hot day of summer vacation, Charlotte's plan to spend time alone with Ichika at his house is somewhat ruined when Cecilia gets the same idea, later followed by Houki, Lingyin and Laura. The next day, Houki helps out at a summer festival being held at her family's shrine and is surprised when Ichika shows up.
 As regular high school students Taichi and Rin disappeared in a beam of light. When they came to, the two of them were already in a world of swords and magic. Finally getting away after experiencing an attack by monsters, following the suggestion of adventurers they headed on the path towards the guild. In the guild, the two of them found out that they possessed unbelievably powerful magic. Thus the regular high school students transformed into the strongest cheats...
 As regular high school students Taichi and Rin disappeared in a beam of light. When they came to, the two of them were already in a world of swords and magic. Finally getting away after experiencing an attack by monsters, following the suggestion of adventurers they headed on the path towards the guild. In the guild, the two of them found out that they possessed unbelievably powerful magic. Thus the regular high school students transformed into the strongest cheats...
 Aired with the rebroadcast of Isekai Cheat Magician.
  A mysterious door stands open, inviting a boy who's been brutally bullied all his life to take a courageous step forward into the unknown. On the other side, he finds a hoard of priceless artifacts and a world as filled with magic as it is with monsters. The most shocking revelation, however, is that he can bring whatever he wants back with him when he returns to Earth. It won't be long before this double life changes him forever...
 A chance to come back!A mysterious door stands open, inviting a boy who's been brutally bullied all his life to take a courageous step forward into the unknown. On the other side, he finds a hoard of priceless artifacts and a world as filled with magic as it is with monsters. The most shocking revelation, however, is that he can bring whatever he wants back with him when he returns to Earth. It won't be long before this double life changes him forever...
 Second season of Isekai Maou to Shoukan Shoujo no Dorei Majutsu.
 Second season of Isekai Maou to Shoukan Shoujo no Dorei Majutsu.
 Struggling with life and society, high school student Michio Kaga wanders about the Internet and lands on an odd website. The website, featuring a number of questions and a point based system, allows one to create skills and abilities for a character. Upon completing his character, Kaga was transported to a game-like fantasy world and reborn as a strong man who can claim idol-level girls. Thus begins the cheat and harem legend of a reborn man!
 Struggling with life and society, high school student Michio Kaga wanders about the Internet and lands on an odd website. The website, featuring a number of questions and a point based system, allows one to create skills and abilities for a character. Upon completing his character, Kaga was transported to a game-like fantasy world and reborn as a strong man who can claim idol-level girls. Thus begins the cheat and harem legend of a reborn man!

 The story is set in an alternate world called Geminar, where countries have fought endless wars with replicas of humanoid Seikishi weapons that they found in ancient ruins. 15-year-old Masaki Kenshi, the half-brother ofTenchi Muyou! protagonist Masaki Tenchi, is summoned from another world to Geminar.
 Having died of sickness at the age of 39, Machio Hiraku is given the opportunity to go to another world. When asked what his wish is by God intending to give him strength, he requests to have a healthy body, offered a second wish, he chooses to live peacefully, a third wish to be able to know the local language, and for a final wish, to be able to be a farmer.
 Seventeen years ago, Takafumi's uncle fell into a coma, but now he's back like a man risen from his grave. Soon, Takafumi discovers two bizarre things
 "It wasn't me who was the strongest in another world, but my sister?!"As a result of an accident in the real world, Asahi Ikusaba is transported to another world. He tries to enjoy the different world he imagined, but his abilities prove to be the weakest. Just as he's about to be attacked by a vicious monster, Asahi's doting elder sister Mayu comes into his rescue and saves him.Chasing after Asahi's love, Mayu too ended up in the same world as him, with the strongest of abilities and cheat skills. The fantasy tale of the strongest elder sister with a brother complex and the younger brother with the weakest skills begins.
 A mysterious switch appeared one day. Upon pressing it, they were sent to a different alternative world!! There are also characters from other alternative worlds gathered together...!?
 A mysterious switch appeared one day. Upon pressing it, they were sent to a different alternative world!! There are also characters from other alternative worlds gathered together...!?
 Second season of Isekai Quartet.
 Second season of Isekai Quartet.
 Third season of Isekai Quartet.
 The homeroom class gets sucked through a wormhole into - you guessed it! - another world where they encounter a desolate environment dominated by a rampaging magical automaton. There they meet a girl-type golem with mannerisms simllar to Megumin, a woman dressed in the same military uniform as Tanya, and a man with a cane who seems to know Subaru, and hijinks ensue.
 An adventure in another world with cute girls by your side and video game-like powers--sounds like an anime fan's dream, right? Not so for melancholic author Osamu Dazai, who would quite literally prefer to drop dead. Video games haven't even been invented yet when he gets yanked into another world in 1948. Really, all the fantastical adventure he keeps running into is just getting in the way of his poetic dream of finding the perfect place to die. But no matter how much he risks his hide, everything seems to keep turning out okay. Follow a miserable hero like no other in this cheerfully bleak isekai comedy!
 At the bottom floor of the building with a dog signboard, in the shopping district near the office street, there lies a cafeteria called "Youshoku no Nekoya," that has an illustration of a cat on the door. It's been open for fifty years and has satisfied various salarymen from nearby offices. Despite it being called a Western cuisine cafeteria, it also provides other varieties of menus. For the people of this certain world, it's their one-and-only special cafeteria.There is, however, one secret to "Nekoya." The cafeteria is closed to the public every Saturday in order to make way for special guests. When a bell rings, customers from different places of birth and races appear who ask for mysterious and delicious dishes. They are actually the same dishes served to the salarymen, but these special guests find them to be more exotic than to what they are used to. As the cafeteria aims to serve masterpieces, it is usually referred as "Isekai Shokudou."And so, the bell rings again this week.
 At the bottom floor of the building with a dog signboard, in the shopping district near the office street, there lies a cafeteria called "Youshoku no Nekoya," that has an illustration of a cat on the door. It's been open for fifty years and has satisfied various salarymen from nearby offices. Despite it being called a Western cuisine cafeteria, it also provides other varieties of menus. For the people of this certain world, it's their one-and-only special cafeteria.There is, however, one secret to "Nekoya." The cafeteria is closed to the public every Saturday in order to make way for special guests. When a bell rings, customers from different places of birth and races appear who ask for mysterious and delicious dishes. They are actually the same dishes served to the salarymen, but these special guests find them to be more exotic than to what they are used to. As the cafeteria aims to serve masterpieces, it is usually referred as "Isekai Shokudou."And so, the bell rings again this week.(Source
 Second season of Isekai Shokudou.
 Second season of Isekai Shokudou.
 There was once a man who was summoned to another world, and saved it. Of course, he became too popular there, and turned into an isekai-normie. However, that man fell into a "trap" and was forcibly returned to his original world. Moreover, he had to start over as a baby!This is the story of the way-too-fantastic ex-hero who lived as a gloomy high-schooler, as he gets summoned once again to that same other world in a very unexpected development!
 Touya Mochizuki was accidentally killed, and as an apology, God allows him to be reborn in a fantasy world and will grant him any one wish he desires. And so, Touya chooses to keep his smartphone in the next world. In his second chance at life, he befriends many important figures and comes across the world's secret. He inherits the legacy of an ancient civilization and travels around nonchalantly while possessing powers that rival this world's kings.
 Touya Mochizuki was accidentally killed, and as an apology, God allows him to be reborn in a fantasy world and will grant him any one wish he desires. And so, Touya chooses to keep his smartphone in the next world. In his second chance at life, he befriends many important figures and comes across the world's secret. He inherits the legacy of an ancient civilization and travels around nonchalantly while possessing powers that rival this world's kings.
 Second season of Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni.
 Third season of Honzuki no Gekokujou
 The first side-story is about two nobles visiting the commoner district to investigate Myne at the request of Ferdinand.The second side-story is about Myne, Turi, and Eva visiting Corinna.
 Eustachius no Shitamachi Sennyuu Dai Sakusen (Eustachius' Incognito Operation Downtown)To get more information about Myne and her strange background, Head Priest Ferdinand sends two nobles, Eustachius and Eckhard, to investigate everything regarding her life within her hometown. However, things do not go the way they expected.Corinna-sama no Otaku Houmon (Visiting Missus Corinna)Otto's wife, Corinna, takes an interest in the outfit that Myne wore at her baptism. Corinna summons her alongside her mother, Eva, and sister, Turi, wishing to know the procedure in making such sophisticated attire and accessories. Naturally, for Myne, she sees an excellent opportunity for profit.
 Recap episodes released before third season, summarizing first two seasons of Honzuki no Gekokujou
 The dark comedy revolves around the fierce god aide to the Great King Yama, Hoozuki. Calm and super-sadistic, he tries to resolve problems that often occur in Hell.
 Second season of Hoozuki no Reitetsu.
 Bundled with the limited editions of 29th, 30th, and 31st volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga.
 The second cour of Hoozuki no Reitetsu season 2.
 Bundled with the limited editions of 17th, 18th, and 19th volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga.
 The cute story of the daily life between a guy and his cat-boy roommate.
 The cute story of the daily life between a guy and his cat-boy roommate.
 Within everyone there exists a side preferably kept hidden, even from close friends. For the smart and popular Kyouko Hori, it’s the fact that she has to do all the housework and care for her little brother, Souta, because of her parents' busy work schedules. For the gentle Izumi Miyamura, whom everybody sees as an otaku, it's his nine hidden piercings and large body tattoo. So what happens when they accidentally discover each other's hidden sides? Sharing parts of themselves that they couldn't with anyone else, strong bonds of friendship soon begin to form between Miyamura and Hori, as well as those around them. As their hidden personas start to dissipate, they slowly learn how to open up to others.
 On the surface, the thought of Kyouko Hori and Izumi Miyamura getting along would be the last thing in people's minds. After all, Hori has a perfect combination of beauty and brains, while Miyamura appears meek and distant to his fellow classmates. However, a fateful meeting between the two lays both of their hidden selves bare. Even though she is popular at school, Hori has little time to socialize with her friends due to housework. On the other hand, Miyamura lives under the noses of his peers, his body bearing secret tattoos and piercings that make him look like a gentle delinquent.Having opposite personalities yet sharing odd similarities, the two quickly become friends and often spend time together in Hori's home. As they both emerge from their shells, they share with each other a side of themselves concealed from the outside world.
 Hortensia Saga is a medieval fantasy tale of war and chaos. Three years ago, the king was betrayed and murdered by one of his dukes who then rebuilt the kingdom into his own. But now, the original heir to the throne has secretly come of age. Hiding in the guise of a man, she and her loyal band begin the quest to save her homeland.
 Horus is a boy that one day, hunted by silver wolves, found the sword of the sun. The day his father died, he leaves his home to find the people from the town his father told him of. Together with a small bear namedKoro he starts his journey and runs into a great adventure, fighting against Grunwald and his subordinates who want to rule the world.
 It is the year 2046, Noboru Terao and Mikako Nagamine are close friends who will soon be graduating junior high school. But after an alien attack on humanity, Mikako is selected for the UN military space expedition set to retaliate against the aliens. Separated, Noboru and Mikako attempt to keep in touch by sending emails to each other with their cell phones. Yet as the expedition journeys farther from Earth, the time it takes for them to transmit and receive each other's messages increases substantially.Hoshi no Koe revolves around the relationship between this couple as they try to stay connected despite the growing distance between them.
 The Little Prince lives on Asteroid B612, a tiny rock floating in space. He spends his days cleaning out the three small volcanoes on the asteroid (which he also uses to cook his breakfast) weeding out the baobob trees that threaten to take over, and caring for his friend the Rose Girl. When he gets lonely for company he catches a comet in his butterfly net and flies off to Earth for all sorts of adventures.
 The Little Prince lives on Asteroid B612, a tiny rock floating in space. He spends his days cleaning out the three small volcanoes on the asteroid (which he also uses to cook his breakfast) weeding out the baobob trees that threaten to take over, and caring for his friend the Rose Girl. When he gets lonely for company he catches a comet in his butterfly net and flies off to Earth for all sorts of adventures.
 One day, college student Yuuhi Amamiya is approached by talking lizard Sir Noi Crezant. Crezant immediately launches into a fantastical story
 One day, college student Yuuhi Amamiya is approached by talking lizard Sir Noi Crezant. Crezant immediately launches into a fantastical story
 A kindly teacher demonstrates origami to his elementary class, but when he gives a paper crane to a child, it is stolen from him by Takeshi, the class bully. Takeshi discovers that the crane is really a talking spaceship that takes him and his friends to visit a fairground in the stars. A girl falls through a hole into Space Hell, and the children cooperate to rescue her. Takeshi wakes up, wondering if it was all a dream. The next day, he returns the magic crane to its rightful owner. This tale is from Rainbow Across the Pacific's Daisuke Ikeda, the leader of the buddhist Soka Gakkai organization which is commonly considered a cult as it is a part of the shinshuukyou religious movement.
 If you could turn all your memories into a song, what would it resemble?Between being an exceptional student and taking care of the house alone during her mother's absence, Asuna Watase's only distraction is listening to her old crystal radio in her secret mountain hideout. One day, she accidentally tunes to a mysterious and melancholic melody, different from anything she has ever heard before. Soon after, an enigmatic boy named Shun saves her from a dangerous creature, unknowingly dragging Asuna on a long journey to a long lost land bound to surpass her very imagination, turning her once melodic life into an intricate requiem.
 The teen adolescence story revolves around the coming-of-age of boys in a junior high school's soft tennis club, which is on the verge of shutting down. Touma Shinjou asks Maki Katsuragi to join the team for his vaunted abilities, and mentions a summer competition. Katsuragi asks for money in return for joining the team.
 The teen adolescence story revolves around the coming-of-age of boys in a junior high school's soft tennis club, which is on the verge of shutting down. Touma Shinjou asks Maki Katsuragi to join the team for his vaunted abilities, and mentions a summer competition. Katsuragi asks for money in return for joining the team.
 Fifteen-year-old Umika Konohoshi is having a hard time socializing at school, but she hopes her words will someday reach other people. When self-proclaimed alien Yuu Akeuchi enters her life, Umika will learn more about being open.
 Kazuma’s brother Ayumu needs to recuperate from an illness, so they move from the city to a rural mountain village. They plan to board at their father’s inn Yorozuyo, but get lost on their way. Wandering in the mountains, Kazuma stumbles across a girl named Ui Nakatsugawa. It’s the first of many encounters in his new country life.
 Kazuma’s brother Ayumu needs to recuperate from an illness, so they move from the city to a rural mountain village. They plan to board at their father’s inn Yorozuyo, but get lost on their way. Wandering in the mountains, Kazuma stumbles across a girl named Ui Nakatsugawa. It’s the first of many encounters in his new country life.
 Kozue, a member of an astronomical club, is a girl who dreams of the starry sky and of a summer romance. During one summer break, she sets out on a journey with a shining fragment of a fallen meteor hanging from her wrist and with a distant feeling that someone calling her. On her trip, she catches a glance of a boy with sad eyes. Later that evening she meets him in an isolated astronomical observatory,and feels an attraction to him, as they spend time talking about the stars. Ginga is a boy who has lived his life in a bubble as part of a governmental program to contact an orbital satellite and feels very alone in his structured and isolated life. Under the innumerable stars in the sky, a night of friendship and miracles begin...
 The story of Hotarubi no Mori e centers around Hotaru, a little girl who gets lost in an enchanted forest where apparitions reside. A young boy, Gin, appears before Hotaru, but she cannot touch him for fear of making him disappear.
 Intrigued by the tale of a mountain god, six-year-old Hotaru Takegawa loses her way in the ancient forest while visiting her uncle. Exhausted and desperate for help, Hotaru is thrilled to find a masked forest spirit named Gin. She learns the hard way that she should not touch the boy, or he would disappear. In spite of this, Gin leads Hotaru out of the forest and warns her never to return when she promises to come again with a gift.Paying no heed to his cautionary words, and despite being separated by both distance and planes of existence, Hotaru and Gin become close friends as she visits him every summer. However, their relationship and resolve are put to the test, when romantic feelings conflict with the one and only rule.Based on Yuki Midorikawa's manga of the same name, Hotarubi no Mori e is a tale of friendship and compromise of two people who should never have crossed paths, as their lives become hopelessly intertwined.
 Mako, Miko, and Mutsuko are three young girls visiting St. Claire Elementary, a school filled with strange legends. They have an abrupt encounter with Kunstlijk, a human body anatomy model, and Goth, a skeleton model. Both haunt the soon-to-be-demolished science room. Seeking revenge for being vandalized by the three girls, Kunstlijk invites them to the school's midnight party in order to scare them. Together, the five go on a quest to collect three mythical medals that can grant a wish and hopefully save the science room.
 Subaru is a young girl who discovers that her best friend Aoi is part of magical group trying to gather engine fragments so that a little being from Pleiades can return to his home. Subaru considers joining them as she was chosen by the Pleiadian, president of this afterschool club.A collaboration between Gainax and the car maker Subaru.
 Subaru is a young girl who discovers that her best friend Aoi is part of magical group trying to gather engine fragments so that a little being from Pleiades can return to his home. Subaru considers joining them as she was chosen by the Pleiadian, president of this afterschool club.
 Fresh out of college, Kawase Mitsuro is eager to start his new job as a middle school art teacher. Upon his arrival, he quickly blends in with the masses of girls ogling the toned body of senior teacher Kazama Toshiaki. Kazama ignores the schoolgirls. However, Kazama realizes something is different about Kawase and decides to ask the latter out to dinner. Unconvinced his advances are serious, Kawase goes along with Kazama halfheartedly. When Kazama's true feelings are revealed, will Kawase embrace his potential lover or give in to the expectations of society?
 A story about girls playing board games after school!Kyoto in Spring. Aya is a high school girl who's just moved to a new town. Miki is her shy classmate, and her first friend. One day after school Aya and Miki follow the committee president Midori to a speciality board games store. The Dice Club!! Without thinking they try out a German board game together.These girls, who are searching for fun, soon fall into the exciting world of games!
 A story about girls playing board games after school!Kyoto in Spring. Aya is a high school girl who's just moved to a new town. Miki is her shy classmate, and her first friend. One day after school Aya and Miki follow the committee president Midori to a speciality board games store. The Dice Club!! Without thinking they try out a German board game together.These girls, who are searching for fun, soon fall into the exciting world of games!
 First year student Hina Tsurugi prefers to do indoor activities such as crafting. Having recently moved to a seaside town, she runs into an older schoolmate, Kuroiwa, who invites her to join the "Teibou" club and start fishing! Surrounded by eccentric club members, how will Hina's high school life turn out?
 Shuicihi Nitori appears to be a shy and quiet preteen boy, when he transfers to a new school he quickly makes friends with the tomboyish Yoshino Takatsuki who sits next to him. It soon becomes apparent that both Shucihi and Yoshino are more than simply a sensitive boy and masculine girl, they both are transgendered. Together they decide to take the first steps toward becoming the people they want to be.
 The full versions of episodes 10 and 11 that were previously edited together into episode 10 of the TV series.
 In the mysterious future, crystalline organisms called Gems inhabit a world that has been destroyed by six meteors. Each Gem is assigned a role in order to fight against the Lunarians, a species who attacks them in order to shatter their bodies and use them as decorations. Phosphophyllite, also known as Phos, is a young and fragile Gem who dreams of helping their friends in the war effort. Instead, they are told to compile an encyclopedia because of their delicate condition. After begrudgingly embarking on this task, Phos meets Cinnabar, an intelligent gem who has been relegated to patrolling the isolated island at night because of the corrosive poison their body creates. After seeing how unhappy Cinnabar is, Phos decides to find a role that both of the rejected Gems can enjoy. Houseki no Kuni follows Phos' efforts to be useful and protect their fellow Gems.
 In the distant future, a new immortal and genderless life form called Gems populate the Earth. The 28 Gems must fight against the Moon Dwellers, who attack them regularly to abduct them and to turn them into decorations. Each Gem is assigned a role, such as a fighter or a medic.Being only 300 years old, Phosphophyllite is the youngest of the Gems and has no assignment yet. He wants to help to fight the Moon Dwellers, but is too weak and brittle for battle. One day the master of Gems, Kongou (Adamantine), assigns him the task of creating a natural history encyclopedia.
 The novel follows Richard Ranashinha Dvorpian, a handsome British jewelry appraiser, and Seigi Nakata, a bright and upright Japanese college student. The duo solves various jewel-related cases by unraveling the hidden psychological aspects of their owners that lie within the gems.
 Matthew, aged 13, meets a girl named Zoe with high remote control skill in the RC Park after he returned to his hometown due to his mother's job transfer. Then he breaks Zoe's record after the fist meet. Zoe is surprised by his skill, so she asks him to form a team together and brings him to the park to compete with him in the public racing track. If Matthew loses, he shall join her and enter the game for RC helicopter with her. Both are neck and neck at the beginning, but at the final round, Zoe wins.
 A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.
 When Hiccup and Toothless discover an ice cave that is home to hundreds of new wild dragons and the mysterious Dragon Rider, the two friends find themselves at the center of a battle to protect the peace.
 Hiccup and Toothless reunite to remind both their kinds of the inseparable bond between vikings and dragons.
 When Hiccup discovers Toothless isn't the only Night Fury, he must seek "The Hidden World", a secret Dragon Utopia before a hired tyrant named Grimmel finds it first.
 Sophie Hatter, the eldest of three, is apprenticed to make hats for the people of Ingary, a place where spells, magic cloaks, and seven-league boots exist. She and all the young girls are warned to stay inside or be taken by Howl, the evil wizard whose black castle can be seen moving through the hills. After an encounter with a witch and with a spell cast on her to make her an old woman, Sophie goes to seek adventure. She heads towards Howl's moving castle where she will encounter things she had never imagined.
 Two martial artists are brutally killed by a team of assassins, leaving their wards, a young boy and girl, defenseless. A martial arts master dispatches of the assassins, sparing their lives, and decides to take them in. He raises them and teaches them martial arts.
 The continuation of Hua Jiang Hu Zhi Bu Liang Ren.


 Fifth season of Hua Jiang Hu Zhi Bu Liang Ren.
 Years ago, Zong Shuai from the Middle State, Wanyan Zang from the Northern Land, and Wen Taiji from the Southern Territory suffered great loss during their fight for the hegemony of the world. As a result, a 20-year truce was established. Now, with the deal coming to an end, conflicts are brewing in the ostensible peace. In hatred and suspicion, the three families set up their respective Blood Orders, listing the names of the most important people of the hostile families and swearing to hunt them down. A breathtaking war is about to commence.
 This is a story about growth, friendship and passion. Through the continuous improvement of racing skills, the in-depth understanding of the concept of racing, the understanding of the meaning of life and the friendship of friends, the originally ambitious racer Yeji Dong has gradually grown into the most reliable partner, and will gradually grow into the most powerful racer...
 Nian Yangxiao, came from a parallel world to save his true love who was killed in another dimension. He must find the killer who has a mark on her thigh before it was too late. If his love is killed in this world she will truly be gone forever. He has to deal with the various gangs with the help of a newly acquired power which can stop time.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Sixth season of Hua Jianghu
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 In 2079 the birth of the brainwave instrument BrainStation triggered the fourth industrial revolution. Mankind has ushered in a brand new era-the "virtual cyber age". Through the use of a BrainStation, people can connect to an all encompassing cyber world. This virtual world is constructed like a neural network and the entire system is controlled and dispatched by the master brain Watson.However, over time issues are starting to surface

 Huangli Shi, according to legends, refers to a Fangshi who can alter the effects of seasonal solstices, solar terms, and festivals, and is able to predict each day's fortune. Xiao Nanzhu, an unemployed young man, decided to take on his usual job that has been passed down for generations, after being inspired by his childhood friend. Now he just wants to call 110. Chuxi
 A girl named Chu Yao was pulled into the mythical world of mountains and seas by an inexplicable force. There are endless magnificent territories and countless magical beings, but also unpredictable dangers and ruthless divine law. Who is it that pulled her into this world, and what will be her fate here? Is it to fight against the whole world and become a legend; or to integrate into this world and make the world of mountains and seas a legend...
 Based on Mark Twain's famous book about the adventures of young orphan Huckleberry Finn.
 Based on Mark Twain's well known masterpiece about Huckleberry Finn, the bright and merry orphan, this film is full of life, laughter, and will be loved by children around the world. When Huckleberry runs away from his orphanage, he teams up with an escaped slave. Together, they travel the Mississippi on a raft, encountering all kinds of people and adventures.
 Based on Mark Twain's well known masterpiece about Huckleberry Finn, the bright and merry orphan, this film is full of life, laughter, and will be loved by children around the world. When Huckleberry runs away from his orphanage, he teams up with an escaped slave. Together, they travel the Mississippi on a raft, encountering all kinds of people and adventures.

 Nono Hana is an 8th grade student who wants to be a stylish and mature big sister like figure. She always puts on a lovely smile and loves to search for exciting things. One day, Hana meets a baby named Hug-tan and her guardian fairy named Harry who had fallen from the sky. At that exact moment, an evil organisation called Dark Tomorrow suddenly appeared! They're trying to forcefully take Hug-tan's Mirai Crystal! In order to protect Hug-tan, Hana wishes to do something to help her, and her wish is granted, as she gains a Mirai Crystal and transforms into Cure Yell. The world is overflowed with Tomorrow Powerer, which is the power to create a brilliant tomorrow, which is crystalized into the Mirai Crystals. If it's stolen, everyone's future will not exist. To protect Hug-tan and everyone's future, Cure Yell will do her best!
 The story centers on Hiwa Natsunagi, a novice at hula dancing who nevertheless takes a job as a hula dancer at the real life Spa Resort Hawaiians hotel. The film shows the relationships between her and her colleagues
 The anime will center on a group of young girls and their struggle as they aim to become Hula Girls.
 Two stories featuring Marvel's anti-hero The Incredible Hulk and his encounters with the X-Man Wolverine and the god known as Thor.
 Legend has it that two demons were jailed in the Calabash Mountains, one a Scorpion spirit and the other a Snake spirit. However, years pass and a pangolin accidentally drills through the mountains and releases the demons.An old man is hiking on the mountains nearby and falls next to a cave where the pangolin escapes from. The pangolin explains the situation and tells the old man the legend of seven calabashes that can save their land from being destroyed. The old man knows what he must do and obtains the legendary calabash plant seed in order to defeat the demons.As each calabash matures, it transforms into a child with unique powers. With a combined effort, these seven calabash brothers set on a mission to defeat the demons in a 13 episode-long adventure.In a sequel series, it is later revealed that there was a third demon, specifically the sister to the snake spirit, that had been in hiding underground during the whole battle. The only survivor from the defeat of the two demons, a humanoid toad with a blinded eye, comes and desperately reports the news. Naturally, the demon is enraged and attacks the mountain that contains the seven brothers in order to avenge its siblings' deaths.
 Though seemingly unconnected, the characters in HUMAN CROSSING all have something in common. They are dealing with the sometimes joyous, but often horrific realities of everyday life. Set in modern day Japan, this compilation of short stories explores the lives of people from all walks of life. The animation used here is subtle, with realistic renderings that fully express the range of emotions experienced by the film`s characters. HUMAN CROSSING taps into the dramatic potential of reality, focusing on the isolated, sometimes lonely nature of urban life. Ultimately, however, the film suggests that perhaps there is an inter-connectedness between people that binds even the most disparate strangers together.
 Though seemingly unconnected, the characters in HUMAN CROSSING all have something in common. They are dealing with the sometimes joyous, but often horrific realities of everyday life. Set in modern day Japan, this compilation of short stories explores the lives of people from all walks of life. The animation used here is subtle, with realistic renderings that fully express the range of emotions experienced by the film`s characters. HUMAN CROSSING taps into the dramatic potential of reality, focusing on the isolated, sometimes lonely nature of urban life. Ultimately, however, the film suggests that perhaps there is an inter-connectedness between people that binds even the most disparate strangers together.
 "Mine has been a life of much shame."Tokyo, 2036 (Showa year 111)
 "Mine has been a life of much shame."Tokyo, 2036 (Showa year 111)
 Knowing that her father was seriously ill, Ye Youyou, the female protagonist who was working outside, hurried home and fell into a scam - her mother and biological brother wanted to sell themselves to a domestic violence man in the village for a price of 30,000 yuan! In order not to be constrained by the old man, the desperate Ye Youyou had to lie that he was married to a rich man in the city. I thought that this inferior excuse would soon be removed, but who knows, a miracle really happened. The president who was just recognized came to propose! God, have we never seen it before? !
 A mysterious life form known as Savage is attacking the Earth, and there is only one weapon that can counter it
 When an extraterrestrial organism known as "Savage" attacks mankind, the only technology capable of combating the enemy is a weapon known as “Hundred.” A survivor of a Savage attack, Hayato Kisaragi is a teenager boasting the highest compatibility level with the aforementioned technology and as a result, is invited to master his skills at Little Garden, a prestigious military academy aboard a battleship.Over the course of his intense training for the battle ahead, he immediately attracts the interest of multiple female peers and gets drawn into a number of incidents as he tries to fight against the creatures that now inhabit Earth and threaten its safety.

 Ding! You teach your apprentice the eighth set of radio gymnastics, triggering a billion-fold return to get the god-level exercise Taixuan magic exercise! ” “Ding! You give your apprentice a yellow magic weapon, triggering a million times return to get the magic weapon! ” “Ding! You give ten low-grade spirit stones to your apprentice, trigger ten thousand times return and get 100,000 middle-grade spirit stones! ” “Disciple, today I will give you the holy artifact, the Heavenly Waterfall Sword, as my teacher!” ” “Master, how about you?” ” “I’ll do whatever I want!” “Bai Yu took out the Hongmeng magic weapon that will be returned after a million times critical strike
 Kiki is a 17-year-old high school witch living in Yokohama. In that town, she lives peacefully with her black cat Jiji. She has faint feelings for her childhood friend Tombo who attends the same school as her. One day, by chance, she sees Tombo being confessed to by a junior, and she feels a tug in her heart. Will Kiki be able to deliver her feelings?
 Kyosuke Kano has lived under the shadow of his successful brother Seisuke all his life who is a professional soccer player. Tired of being compared and downgraded at, he abandoned playing soccer until a boy from his new highschool discovered him and asked him to join their team. Kyosuke joins it and befriends two other first year players named Rodrigo and Sakai with the dream of becomming professional soccer players themselves. Kyusuke Kanou, a robust teenager of 16 sports orange hair and aspires to conquer the world of soccer as a forward. But somehow the shadow of his renowned elder brother Seisuke, a midfielder for AC Milan falls upon his career. Threatened by inferiority complex, he decides to give up soccer. Yet, destiny reunites him with football as he accidentally becomes the coach of the women’s soccer team of his school . Thus, his journey to fulfill his dream begins portraying his path of struggle. Backed by his helpful teammates and wellwishers like Miki, the girl’s soccer team captain and Mori, the manager, he proceeds forward in life.
 Hunters are specialized in a wide variety of fields, ranging from treasure hunting to cooking. They have access to otherwise unavailable funds and information that allow them to pursue their dreams and interests. However, being a hunter is a special privilege, only attained by taking a deadly exam with an extremely low success rate.Gon Freecss, a 12-year-old boy with the hope of finding his missing father, sets out on a quest to take the Hunter Exam. Along the way, he picks up three companions who also aim to take the dangerous test
 Alternate retelling of the original Hunter x Hunter series. Gon Freece is a boy living on a small island. He learns that his fater who he doesn’t remember is an extremely famous man and an amazing hunter. Gon takes the hunte rexam to seek out his fater, but he soon learns that the challenges he must face will be beyond his imaginations.
 Nen
 Kurapika became a Hunter to take vengeance on the Phantom Troupe, a gang of thieves who massacred his clan. The Phantom Troupe sought out the Kurta Clan for their eyes, which turn scarlet when they get agitated. An unknown party has stolen Kurapika's "scarlet eyes," but Kurapika's life is saved with the help of Gon, Killua, and Leorio. The Phantom Troupe stands before Kurapika and the others, who are about to discover the true identity of the person with the No.4 spider tattoo.
 Some tens of years ago, chairman of the Hunters Association Isaac Netero sealed away Jed, a man representing the "Shadow" of the association that had began to make use of the power "On." "On", being another side of the coin of Nen, derives its power from the user's pure hatred at the cost of their life. Although he thought he had sealed Jed and "On" away, a team of On-using warriors appears at Heaven's Arena's Battle Olympia Tournament. Gon and Killua, who had come to cheer on Zushi, along with Kurapika, who attends the tournament to protect his boss Neon, are forced to find the source of a violent invasion of the tower and defeat it. However, this may not be so easy, as their foes use the power of hatred as they wish for the death of all Hunters.
 Lok and Sophie happen upon a journal left by Lok's father. The Organization, a group of evil Seekers, is after the book, and to survive they must join a group of good Seekers under master adventurer Dante and lone wolf Zhalia.
 Lok and Sophie happen upon a journal left by Lok's father. The Organization, a group of evil Seekers, is after the book, and to survive they must join a group of good Seekers under master adventurer Dante and lone wolf Zhalia.
 Huoli Shaonian Wang is a Chinese multi-media franchise created to sell yoyo toys to children. Huoli Shaonian Wang 3 is the first animated season in the franchise but the 3rd story chronologically.The show focuses on competitive schools that hold yo-yo contests. Each team has their own issues that they solve. Each yoyo has a name that reflects the toy's design. The show makes use of minor special effects in order to portray magic/spirit/chi and the speed of the yoyo. These "magic spells" are "battling" and the person whose "magic" remains, wins.
 A 26-episode second season sequel to Huoli Shaonian Wang 3. It aired 2 years after the original and focuses on the Blazing Team in a global competition against teams of other nations.
 The 3rd Huoli Shaonian Wang animated season. It follows an entirely new story and new characters unrelated to the previous seasons. The previous seasons metaphorical usage of magic/spirit/chi to visualize yoyo battles has now become literal. The yoyo toys have spirit animals within them and the cast tries to return them to their world before the villains use them for evil purposes.Leon has an argument with his classmate Gurido for trifle. At the advice of Catherine, Leon and Gurido decide to judge the victory or defeat through yoyo competition. The Daemon Tiger appears when Leon and Gurido begin to fight in the woods. Leon follows Daemon Tiger and work with it. With Daemon Tiger’s help, Leon defeats Gurido.
 The story takes place in Japan in the early 21st century, in an alternate reality where the Tokugawa Shogunate has remained in power. In this reality, student councils are tasked with oppressing schools. Yagyuu Muneakira is a high school student who rebels against his student council with the help of girls who’ve had the names of famous samurai heroes passed on to them.
 Special episodes added to DVDs and Blu-rays.
 An OVA featuring a new character named Kagekatsu Uesugi.
 Special episode of Hyakka Ryouran
 Second season of Hyakka Ryoran
 Second season of Hyakka Ryoran
 Jubei Yagyu, Hanzo Hattori, Yukimura Sanada, Sen Tokugawa, Kanetsugu Naoe, and Matabei Goto. In the alternate world of Hyakka Ryouran
 On the first day of high school at Kamizono Academy, four girls meet each other while lost on the huge campus, and form a friendship. This story follows the daily school life of the four girls and their eclectic classmates. On their first day of high school shy Ayumi Nonomura and taciturn Tatsuki Iizuka become lost on the immense campus of Kamizono Academy. An irresistible force of nature named Torako Kageyama accompanied by her best friend Suzume Saotome appears in front of them.Led, sometimes pushed, by Torako, the girls and their classmates work through problems of school, home and adolescence.
 Golion, a powerful sentient robot, abuses his great powers by attacking and killing creatures known as Deathblack Beastmen, boasting that no one could defeat him. A divine space being punishes Golion for his arrogance and abuse by seperating him into 5 different lion robots. In the year 1999, a group of 5 young men return to Earth after a space voyage, only to find it ravaged by nuclear war. After encountering the alien race known as the Galra, the 5 youths end up on the planet Altea, and learn that the 5 lion robots that Golion was split into are in hibernation in various parts of Altea. Somehow, they must reunite the lions and form Golion, the only hope for the human race. About Voltron (U.S.)
 Before becoming a manga artist, Hiromu Arakawa spent seven years working as a farmer in Hokkaido. Well acquainted with the many emotions that are part and parcel of agricultural work, she captures the harsh realities of Japanese dairy farming while also shedding light on this tough and powerful way of life in a series of sidesplitting episodes. Known for numerous works in which she celebrates the joys of life, in this essay-style comic Arakawa reveals her own roots and little-known truths about farming life.
 A cyborg warrior from an ancient Antarctic kingdom awakes 30000 years later from an accidental hibernation to find the Earth changed and an old alien enemy on the verge of invasion. It's up to Guyslugger to use his ancient technology to defeat the aliens.
 In the age of civil war, when the shadow of Nobunaga Oda was still cast over the land, the warlord Furuta Sasuke lost his soul to the tea ceremony. While war shook the world around him, he faced his own conflict between his desire for promotion and his love for his art.
 Oreki Hotaro is a high school boy, who always acts passively. One day, he enters “Koten Bu (Classic Literature Club)” as recommended by his elder sister. There he meets Chitanda Eru, Fukube Satoshi, and Ibara Mayaka. Chitanda is a calm beautiful girl but she turns into an embodiment of curiosity once she says, “I’m interested in it (Watashi, Kininarimasu)”. Fukube is a smiling boy with a fantastic memory, he never deduces anything on his own. Ibara is a short girl and is strict with others and herself.She loves Fukube, but he always dodges her approaches. They begin to investigate a case that occurred 33 years ago. Hints of the mystery are buried in an old collection of works of the former members of Koten Club. The collection is titled “Hyouka”.
 It's another regular day, with Houtarou Oreki sitting at home as usual; that is until his sister Tomoe ropes him into working as a lifeguard at the local swimming pool. Upon reaching the pool, Oreki coincidentally meets the other members of the Classics Club. Eru Chitanda notices that a white object that was on a woman's ear a while ago suddenly disappeared, which leaves her curious about the mystery behind it.Hyouka
 It's another regular day, with Houtarou Oreki sitting at home as usual; that is until his sister Tomoe ropes him into working as a lifeguard at the local swimming pool. Upon reaching the pool, Oreki coincidentally meets the other members of the Classics Club. Eru Chitanda notices that a white object that was on a woman's ear a while ago suddenly disappeared, which leaves her curious about the mystery behind it.Hyouka
 Everyone knows of the most powerful soldier, the Iceblade Magician, who led the country to victory three years ago, but few know his true name
 Everyone knows of the most powerful soldier, the Iceblade Magician, who led the country to victory three years ago, but few know his true name
 Sasahara Natsuki is a poor bounty hunter in a world where monsters and humans live together. Most of her cases involve monsters infringing upon the rights of humans, who are protected by law from their generally more powerful neighbors. Being half-human and half cat-beast, Natsuki straddles the two societies and tries to understand and respect both while enforcing the law. She is assisted by a werewolf named Batanen who is afraid to admit he loves her; another werewolf named Tommy; and a Kyubi fox demon named Sakura who has her own plans--which include eating Natsuki to complete her her nine tails and thereby her magical powers.
 Sasahara Natsuki is a poor bounty hunter in a world where monsters and humans live together. Most of her cases involve monsters infringing upon the rights of humans, who are protected by law from their generally more powerful neighbors. Being half-human and half cat-beast, Natsuki straddles the two societies and tries to understand and respect both while enforcing the law. She is assisted by a werewolf named Batanen who is afraid to admit he loves her; another werewolf named Tommy; and a Kyubi fox demon named Sakura who has her own plans--which include eating Natsuki to complete her her nine tails and thereby her magical powers.
 In a world where women now dominate the government, the creation and use of weapons is strictly forbidden. However, by no means has conflict been brought to an end; instead of weapons, war is waged through words. With the power of the "Hypnosis Mic," lyrics can affect one's opponent in various ways and cause real damage. Those in the divisions outside the women-only Chuou Ward thus use it for fierce rap battles as their weapon in the constant clash for territory.
 Second season of Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni.
 The surreal comedy centers around the friendship of high school boys.
 The surreal comedy centers around the friendship of high school boys.
 In a world where the Demon King has died, a host of demigods capable of felling him have inherited the world. A master fencer who can figure out how to take out their opponents with a single glance; a lancer so swift they can break the sound barrier; a wyvern rogue who fights with three legendary weapons at once; an all-powerful wizard who can speak thoughts into being; an angelic assassin who deals instant death. Eager to attain the title of "True Hero," these champions each pursue challenges against formidable foes and spark conflicts among themselves. The battle to determine the mightiest of the mighty begins.
 In our world, the human race constantly debates about several important issues, such as
 In our world, the human race constantly debates about several important issues, such as
 In our world, the human race constantly debates about several important issues, such as
 Urashima, an island far from the mainland. The people who live there lead carefree lives. But five years ago, the island's three great families suffered a series of misfortunes and succumbed to suspicion. The people of the island cut off all contact with the mainland and began a slow decline. The key to saving the island lies in three girls who belong to the three families. But they are bound by old traditions, and are conflicted. On that island, a lone man washes ashore. The man claims to be from the future, and he begins a solitary struggle to change the island's fate.
 Urashima, an island far from the mainland. The people who live there lead carefree lives. But five years ago, the island's three great families suffered a series of misfortunes and succumbed to suspicion. The people of the island cut off all contact with the mainland and began a slow decline. The key to saving the island lies in three girls who belong to the three families. But they are bound by old traditions, and are conflicted. On that island, a lone man washes ashore. The man claims to be from the future, and he begins a solitary struggle to change the island's fate.
 Kaori Fujimiya is always alone because all of her happy memories, including time spent with her friends, disappear every Monday. Deciding that he wants to be friends with her anyway, Yuuki Hase tries to get close to Kaori each week, wishing that she would one day call him "a friend."
 Isshuukan Friends Special.
 Shinichirou decides to look for a job in order to pay his rent, and his teacher suggests that he work for someone at their house doing housekeeping; however, the person who hired him was Sakuya, a girl who is the 37th head of the Shimazu family, and her job is to exorcise and eliminate unwanted creatures. Shinichirou accidentally releases one of the creatures that Sakuya captures and they cooperate to catch it. A story of comedic creature hunting begins!
 The OVA will be bundled with the 7th volume of the manga, scheduled to ship on August 26, 2015. It will be a sea bathing episode.
 It All Starts With Being Reborn 1 Thousand Times, Three years ago, the supreme bone got seized and Jiang Yu has since become a handyman disciple. Three years later “Congratulations to the host’s supreme bone rebirth, awakening the strongest physique in the heavens and the earth!” Hearing this, Jiang Yu smashed the pole! Finally, The system has activated!
 Based on a fantasy manga by Narita Imomushi.Astra Ludger Doomsday, former captain of the royal knights has finally achieved his dearest wish
 After receiving an invitation from her friend Risa Shiromine, Kaede Honjou begins playing the VRMMO game New World Online as the character Maple. Lacking knowledge of the game, she allocates all her status points to defense. As a result, her movements are slow, she cannot use magic, and even gets attacked by the rabbits. However, she obtains a skill called "Absolute Defense" due to maxing out her vitality points, and a counter skill that kills in a single hit. A "mobile fortress style" novice with a poisonous skill that makes all attacks invalid and overrides all obstacles, she goes off to adventures, disregarding her irregularities.
 After receiving an invitation from her friend Risa Shiromine, Kaede Honjou begins playing the VRMMO game New World Online as the character Maple. Lacking knowledge of the game, she allocates all her status points to defense. As a result, her movements are slow, she cannot use magic, and even gets attacked by the rabbits. However, she obtains a skill called "Absolute Defense" due to maxing out her vitality points, and a counter skill that kills in a single hit. A "mobile fortress style" novice with a poisonous skill that makes all attacks invalid and overrides all obstacles, she goes off to adventures, disregarding her irregularities.
 Second season of Itai no wa Iya nano de Bougyoryoku ni Kyokufuri Shitai to Omoimasu.
 Second season of Itai no wa Iya nano de Bougyoryoku ni Kyokufuri Shitai to Omoimasu.
 Gloomy, an abandoned little bear, is rescued by Pitty (the little boy). At first, he is cute and cuddly, but becomes wilder as he grows up. Since bears do not become attached to people like dogs by nature, Gloomy attacks Pitty even though he is the owner. So Gloomy has blood on him from biting and/or scratching Pitty.
 Gloomy, an abandoned little bear, is rescued by Pitty (the little boy). At first, he is cute and cuddly, but becomes wilder as he grows up. Since bears do not become attached to people like dogs by nature, Gloomy attacks Pitty even though he is the owner. So Gloomy has blood on him from biting and/or scratching Pitty.
 A collection of animated horror stories based on the works of Japanese artist Junji Ito.
 A collection of animated horror stories based on the works of Japanese artist Junji Ito.
 A devil-girl with the face of an angel and a heart of gold, blond Betty falls in love with an earthbound gangster, Danpei Kimogawa, when they meet in a rainstorm. They end up living together in a Tokyo highrise apartment, though Danpei has trouble coping with his new witch and demon in-laws dropping in at inopportune moments. Betty has actually been sent to the human world on a mission to defeat the demon Lutan. While Betty continues her task, her skeletal grandmother sends nubile nymphs to tempt Danpei and see if he is suitable husband material.
 The seventh compiled volume of Takayuki Mizushina's Itoshi no Muco manga is announcing on Thursday that a television anime adaptation has been green-lit for this fall.The manga depicts the life of the pet dog Muco and his owner Komatsu, who lives in his glass-making workshop in the mountains.
 The anime series will adapt 20 stories from a number of Itou's manga for the first time, including Tomie, Souichi, and Kubitsuri Kikyuu (The Hanging Balloons).
 The anime series will adapt 20 stories from a number of Itou's manga for the first time, including Tomie, Souichi, and Kubitsuri Kikyuu (The Hanging Balloons).

 Mai, a Santa in training, appears in front of an unlucky boy named Santa on Christmas Eve, promising him that she will make him happy for one night.
 Mai, a Santa in training, appears in front of an unlucky boy named Santa on Christmas Eve, promising him that she will make him happy for one night.
 A tourism promotion anime for Ogaki City in the Gifu Prefecture. The story's script was written by Kou Nakamura, a famous novelist from Ogaki City.An is confessed to by her childhood friend Yuuki. She runs away from the shock and finds herself time-slipped into the future. With modern tech and flying personal robots, she's shown around by a helpful ikemen named Kibou and his robot rabbit butler. Kibou tells her that she's his grandmother and that Yuuki is his grandfather, and that she doesn't need to be so unsure of her future.
 1st year high school student Kurogane Taito is a disillusioned youth. He has thrown away the belief that hard work and effort will be compensated. Now, he simply exists as the days pass him by. However, there is something that he has forgotten. A stolen memory of a girl, a pact, and a curse. 9 years ago, the young Taito had met Saito Himea, the eldest vampire, and made a pact with her. Now, Taito's memories are about to be restored, and he will remember the girl which has been kidnapped and kept imprisoned for the past 9 years, waiting for him to free her.
 Konomi Kasahara, a junior high school girl, has made a big name after winning numerous competitive puzzle game tournaments. The story begins when she finds a sports climbing club in her high school. Using special skills other than that of puzzle games, Kasahara becomes fascinated with climbing.
 Hokaze Kon is an otherwise normal boy who, one day, receives an inter-dimensional summons to the world of Mirror. He appears just in time to save the life of Princess Ecarlate, whose enemies are trying to prevent her political marriage. Kon, who knows nothing about Mirror nor the way home, attaches himself to Ecarlate's entourage.
 A project where a number of women in different costumes show their panties while they make a disgusted face.
 Iya na Kao sare nagara Opantsu Misete Moraitai Season 2.
 Yagi Takeru has been living in the Touma family's house since his parents are gone. He was raised by Touma Rokunosuke, the head of the house. He is surrounded by many people such as Yamato Takeshi, his best friend-cum-rival from the kendo club, the Shiratori sisters, Kotono and Asuka, and his childhood friend, Oosu Seri. Life has been blissful until one day, an earthquake strikes the school and everything changes. Takeru awakens to find that the school looks as if it has been abandoned for centuries and reduced to ruins. He also realize that all the teachers and students have disappeared as well. He meets up with Seri and Asuka and they fled from the ruins, only to realize that the town they used to live in is completely empty. Subsequently, people wrapped in cloaks appear before him. They were told that they have been brought to another world.
 A stubborn girl on a mysterious island, her dreams of becoming a martial artist, and her complicated love story.
 Jiyu Nanohana is an ordinary schoolgirl until she runs across a scatterbrained 300 year old samurai who tells her that she is the reincarnation of Yagyu Jubei. With the help of the "Lovely Eyepatch" she transforms into the legendary swordsman whenever she needs to use his awesome fighting ability, which she needs to do quite often as a rival clan is dead set on conquering Yagyu to satisfy an old family grudge.
 Three hundred years ago, in the frigid land of Siberia, Jubei Yagyu engaged in a fierce battle with Kitaretsusai of the Northern Yagyu clan. The duel was costly, as his daughter Freesia was frozen in suspended animation. As a result of global warming in the present day, Freesia breaks free from her icy grave and moves to Japan as a middle school transfer student, where she befriends Jiyuu Nanohana. Little does Jiyuu know that Freesia is targeting her to acquire the coveted Lovely Eye Patch, which Freesia believes is rightfully hers.
 Hoichiro Ohma works in an office. Everybody knows him as a silent, humble man. Even his girlfriend, Nanase, doesn't suspect that he could be something more, but he is. When a person dies as a victim of murder; when someone kills himself with a curse on his lips; when someone's death needs to be judged, he is there, for he is a Judge Of Darkness. Following the Laws Of Darkness, with a book made of human skin and an unusual parrot, he pronounces judgement over living criminals that would otherwise go free.(Source
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Deadly Response tells about the next 30 years. Human society uses a lot of ‘Robots’ Artificial Intelligence in their lives. For security reasons, in the East and West, humans also build islands specifically for robots. A mysterious team consisting of Robots and Humans must fight crime and terrorist attacks to keep security and peace between Humans and Robots.
 The follows a pair of twin brothers who, because of a feud between two formidable martial artists, were separated at birth and raised on opposing sides.
 In a world where demons feed on unsuspecting humans, fragments of the legendary and feared demon Ryoumen Sukuna were lost and scattered about. Should any demon consume Sukuna's body parts, the power they gain could destroy the world as we know it. Fortunately, there exists a mysterious school of Jujutsu Sorcerers who exist to protect the precarious existence of the living from the undead!Yuuji Itadori is high schooler who spends his days visiting his bedridden grandfather. Although he looks like your average teenager, his immense physical strength is something to behold! Every sports club wants him to join, but Itadori would rather hang out with the school outcasts in the Occult Club. One day, the club manages to get their hands on a sealed cursed object, but little do they know the terror they'll unleash when they break the seal...
 Violent misfortunes frequently occur around 16-year-old Yuuta Okkotsu, a timid victim of high school bullying. Yuuta is saddled with a monstrous curse, a power that dishes out brutal revenge against his bullies. Rika Orimoto, Yuuta's curse, is a shadow from his tragic childhood and a potentially lethal threat to anyone who dares wrong him.Yuuta's unique situation catches the attention of Satoru Gojou, a powerful sorcerer who teaches at Tokyo Jujutsu High. Gojou sees immense potential in Yuuta, and he hopes to help the boy channel his deadly burden into a force for good. Yet Yuuta struggles to find his place among his talented classmates
 Violent misfortunes frequently occur around 16-year-old Yuuta Okkotsu, a timid victim of high school bullying. Yuuta is saddled with a monstrous curse, a power that dishes out brutal revenge against his bullies. Rika Orimoto, Yuuta's curse, is a shadow from his tragic childhood and a potentially lethal threat to anyone who dares wrong him.Yuuta's unique situation catches the attention of Satoru Gojou, a powerful sorcerer who teaches at Tokyo Jujutsu High. Gojou sees immense potential in Yuuta, and he hopes to help the boy channel his deadly burden into a force for good. Yet Yuuta struggles to find his place among his talented classmates
 Second season of Jujutsu Kaisen.
 Four teenagers who left the school and entered the arena for the first time, went through all kinds of difficulties and dangers in order to find the truth, unravel the mystery of their life experience, and become a gentleman. They value the way of a gentleman and demonstrate the chivalrous spirit of "using their own strength to make the world fair". A strange book, a grudge, a belief, a legend.
 The archaeologist father of a young girl named Natsumi returns from a dig in New Guinea with a statute as a gift for his daughter. Unknown to Natsumi is that the statue is the seal for the God of Destruction and Chaos,Ongo. She releases Ongo when she puts on the jewel earrings of the statue. Instead of being a horrible monster, Ongo turns out to be a super-deformed jungle boy.Natsumi then has a dream where Aham, God of Earth, appears before her. He is a perverted old shaman that has a large horn covering his private parts. Aham gives Natsumi the skull necklace that allows her to transform into the extremely busty Flower Goddess Mii. To transform, Natsumi must do an erotic and perverted dance, transforming when she seemingly orgasms. This sets the tone for the rest of the series, as any other magic that a female performs is accompanied by a dance.
 After meeting a dancing old man in what she thinks is just a crazy dream, a preteen schoolgirl embarks on a series of fanservice-filled magical girl adventures with a little creature named Ongo who might be evil and a shy girl with mysterious powers named Nami.
 Leo, King of the Jungle, lives at the foot of Moon Mountain. His family life is threatened when a group of humans come in search of Moonlight Stones. Only concerned with money, they have no regard for the jungle. Leo must fight to protect the world he loves, or lose everything!
 Ta-chan is the king of jungle. He was abandoned in savanna, and has been raised by a chimpanzee, Etekichi. He has a dearest wife, Jane who used to be a top model in New York, but now she looks... Anyway, to protect animals from poachers, Ta-chan is fighting against them with his disciple, Pedro, and a master of Chinese martial arts, Ryo.This anime is based on the manga with the same title; it begins as a comical parody of Tarzan. The first several episodes are comedies, but the rest of the series consists of (rather) serious episodes.
 Leo (a.k.a. Kimba in the U.S.) is a young ambitious lion cub who takes his father's place as emperor of the jungle when is father is killed by poachers. Even though his father's fate was met by the hands of humans, Leo is one of the few animals in the Jungle that doesn't fear or feel hatred toward humans. He is not alone either, he is guided by friends of his father to help create the best animal kingdom there can be.
 Jungle Emperor was such a hit in Japan, that Dr. Tezuka went ahead and produced a sequel in 1966, known in Japan as "The New Jungle Emperor" or "Onward, Leo!" The trouble (for us in the rest of the world) was that he made the series without having a deal with NBC, and he made it more like his original manga story, which means that there were a lot of characters that died and some of the episodes could be depressing. NBC thought that there was no way they could sell that kind of show, and they were quite happy with the 52 episodes they had, so the New Jungle Emperor series wasn`t seen in this country until 1984, when it was given the title Leo The Lion.This series was supposed to take place a few years after the original Kimba series. Kimba was an adult, with Kitty as his mate, and they had two cubs. Most of all this series was the story of Rune, the male cub, as he grew and learned to be as strong as his father.For legal reasons, the producers of the English-dubbed version could not use the name Kimba, so they used the original Japanese names for all the characters.
 Misaki is suddenly having some unexpected and odd problems. What started as a need for some college entrance exam tutoring has somehow led him to being romanced by a suave older man who also happens to be his big brother's best friend. Confused by all of his brand new emotions, Misaki struggles to deal with his suddenly very odd life.And if that wasn't enough, his suitor, Usami, has plenty of issues of his own. A man-child who decorates his room in giant teddy bears and toys, Usami is a famous novelist who also writes steamy boys' love novels on the side. When Misaki cracks open one of these books and reads sentences like "Misaki licks every inch of Usami's hot body"...well, let's just say that all hell breaks loose.
 The OAD is being produced to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the manga series. The OAD feature all three main couples from the Junjou Romantica manga (Junjou Romantica, Junjou Egoist, Junjou Terrorist).
 The return of romance, drama, and pure-hearted romance. Junjou Romantica 2 (the sequel). Back to the beloved couples, and their perils in their forbidden relationships. Misaki Takahashi, from the main couple, thought that one Usami was a handful, until he meets another. Their relationship starts to fall down hill once again, but as always they find a way to make steamy love in the end. As for the other couples, ups and downs, lefts and rights occur, but all ends in sweet lovely bliss.Misaki and the Usami crisis, Hiroki with his pride, Shinobu with his age difference with his lover, Nowaki's patience and love, Miyagi's past-love and his present love, and Usagi-san and his family, these couples really got a lot of love and problems in their pure-hearted, forbidden romance.With the return of love, drama, and pure-hearted romance, we return to the troubled couples, focusing on the parallels between each of their relationships. Misaki Takahashi thought that Haruhiko Usami was a handful, until a new love interest appears. This causes their relationship to once again head downhill, each hoping to find a way to reconcile in the end. For the other couples, episodes focus on Hiroki's problems with his pride, Shinobu's age difference from his lover, Nowaki's patience and love, Miyagi's past and present love, plus Usagi-san and his family issues. This all adds up to each of the couples having a lot of problems to overcome in their pure-hearted, forbidden love lives.
 The third part of Junjou Romantica continuing the story.
 23-year-old Ryohei Yamazaki has just one thing on his mind
 In the distant future, humanity is hurtling down a path of ruin. Global environmental destruction caused by chemical contamination, radioactive fallout, and UV rays coming through the patchy ozone layer has lead to deterioration of the human genome.
 Hiromi Nozawa is a young girl growing up in a home where both of her parents are busy and are seldom home. Her most trusted companion is her dog, Junkers. But this is no ordinary dog! Gifted with the ability to speak and do human-like tasks, this canine is civil enough to use the toilet and, like some of us, won't miss his favourite TV show for the world. When things at home start to go wrong, Hiromi learns that she needs to grow up fast but also realizes that life has a pretty unique sense of humour.
 The story follows Maria, the most powerful witch who lives during the Hundred Years' War in France. She despises war, so she obstructs battles with her strong magical powers. Her meddling with her succubus Artemis and incubus Priapos has caught the attention of the heavens, and so the Archangel Michael issues an edict. When Maria loses her virginity, she will also lose her magical powers. A beautiful angel named Ezekiel is supposed to watch Maria and make sure the witch does not use magic in front of people, but Maria continues to use magic anyways.
 Toei Animation announced a new short anime on Friday titled "Jurassic!" that will debut streaming on YouTube in mid-August. Most of the staff for the anime are comprised of the younger staff at Toei Animation. The anime is also the first in a series of new projects for the studio featuring the younger staff. The Real-Size Koseibutsu Zukan (Real-Size Extinct Creatures Picture Book) book by Ken Tsuchiya is inspiring the anime, and Tsuchiya is serving as the anime's "extinct creatures supervisor."
 At the end of the second semester of third year of high school, four students are prepared for graduation and feel the ending to their high school life. But that changes a little with the arrival of a transfer student.
 As another school year begins drawing to a close, the third-year high school students move steadily toward the next milestone of their lives
 Earth’s seven greatest heroes unite against the threat of an alien invasion and decide to remain together to defend Earth against attacking aliens, sorcerers, super-villains, and any other threat that might arise. Among their number are the Martian Manhunter, last survivor of Mars; Superman, the super-powered last survivor of the planet Krypton; Batman (the Dark Knight Detective); Green Lantern, wielder of an alien Power Ring; The Flash, the Fastest Man Alive; Hawkgirl, Winged Wonder and policewoman from the planet Thanagar, and Wonder Woman, Princess of the Amazons.Starting with the third season, the show was retitled “Justice League Unlimited” and now the core members, under the guidance of the Martian Manhunter, command teams of specialist heroes brought together to deal with specific crises they are best suited to handling.
 Earth’s seven greatest heroes unite against the threat of an alien invasion and decide to remain together to defend Earth against attacking aliens, sorcerers, super-villains, and any other threat that might arise. Among their number are the Martian Manhunter, last survivor of Mars; Superman, the super-powered last survivor of the planet Krypton; Batman (the Dark Knight Detective); Green Lantern, wielder of an alien Power Ring; The Flash, the Fastest Man Alive; Hawkgirl, Winged Wonder and policewoman from the planet Thanagar, and Wonder Woman, Princess of the Amazons.Starting with the third season, the show was retitled “Justice League Unlimited” and now the core members, under the guidance of the Martian Manhunter, command teams of specialist heroes brought together to deal with specific crises they are best suited to handling.


 Earth’s seven greatest heroes unite against the threat of an alien invasion and decide to remain together to defend Earth against attacking aliens, sorcerers, super-villains, and any other threat that might arise. Among their number are the Martian Manhunter, last survivor of Mars; Superman, the super-powered last survivor of the planet Krypton; Batman (the Dark Knight Detective); Green Lantern, wielder of an alien Power Ring; The Flash, the Fastest Man Alive; Hawkgirl, Winged Wonder and policewoman from the planet Thanagar, and Wonder Woman, Princess of the Amazons.Starting with the third season, the show was retitled “Justice League Unlimited” and now the core members, under the guidance of the Martian Manhunter, command teams of specialist heroes brought together to deal with specific crises they are best suited to handling.
 Earth’s seven greatest heroes unite against the threat of an alien invasion and decide to remain together to defend Earth against attacking aliens, sorcerers, super-villains, and any other threat that might arise. Among their number are the Martian Manhunter, last survivor of Mars; Superman, the super-powered last survivor of the planet Krypton; Batman (the Dark Knight Detective); Green Lantern, wielder of an alien Power Ring; The Flash, the Fastest Man Alive; Hawkgirl, Winged Wonder and policewoman from the planet Thanagar, and Wonder Woman, Princess of the Amazons.Starting with the third season, the show was retitled “Justice League Unlimited” and now the core members, under the guidance of the Martian Manhunter, command teams of specialist heroes brought together to deal with specific crises they are best suited to handling.
 The Justice League is facing off against a new horror
 Three hundred years ago, in the frigid land of Siberia, Jubei Yagyu engaged in a fierce battle with Kitaretsusai of the Northern Yagyu clan. The duel was costly, as his daughter Freesia was frozen in suspended animation. As a result of global warming in the present day, Freesia breaks free from her icy grave and moves to Japan as a middle school transfer student, where she befriends Jiyuu Nanohana. Little does Jiyuu know that Freesia is targeting her to acquire the coveted Lovely Eye Patch, which Freesia believes is rightfully hers.
 Jiyu Nanohana is an ordinary schoolgirl until she runs across a scatterbrained 300 year old samurai who tells her that she is the reincarnation of Yagyu Jubei. With the help of the "Lovely Eyepatch" she transforms into the legendary swordsman whenever she needs to use his awesome fighting ability, which she needs to do quite often as a rival clan is dead set on conquering Yagyu to satisfy an old family grudge.
 Jiyu Nanohana is an ordinary schoolgirl until she runs across a scatterbrained 300 year old samurai who tells her that she is the reincarnation of Yagyu Jubei. With the help of the "Lovely Eyepatch" she transforms into the legendary swordsman whenever she needs to use his awesome fighting ability, which she needs to do quite often as a rival clan is dead set on conquering Yagyu to satisfy an old family grudge.
 A gang of eleven stray cats wreak havoc in a small town, costing them much trouble.They defend themselves by stating they were just 'hungry'.The cats hear of an urban legend about a scary, giant fish. They decide to take on the challenge to find and catch that fish, proving the citizens of the town that they're not all useless after all.The task is pretty tricky and the path they have to cross is stony and danger lurks everywhere.Will our little furry heroes be brave, confident and strong enough to master the challenge of challenges?
 Nakajima Youko is your average somewhat timid high school student. One day, a strange man named Keiki appears before her, swearing allegiance. Before she could properly register what was happening, demon-like creatures attack Youko and her friends, after which they are pulled into a different world. A world unlike what she has ever known. Separated from Keiki, Youko and her friends must do whatever they can if they wish to survive in this new world.
 The Eto Rangers ride in Space-Time Transmitting Machine Kirinda to repair the Novel Worlds of Mugen. The Eto Rangers themselves are anthropomorphic animals, each representing one of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals (and The Twelve Branches in Buddhism). In Japan they are known as the Eto animals. The Novel Worlds are stories created by the human imagination, such as old folk tales as well as newer books. These living worlds play out repeatedly, and are necessary for the good of humanity. Princess Aura rules Mugen, which is an island continent hanging over an ocean from the skybound Novel Pole. The Great God Goal gives her power, but she may never leave the small palace island area. Their nemesis is the forgotten Spirit of Cats, Nyanma (real name, Chocolat), who was excluded from the choice of 12 protectors by being disqualified from the race (in actual legend there are many versions of this story). She seeks her revenge by distorting Novel Worlds with Jarei Monsters.When a Jarei Monster goes to a Novel World they alter the story, turning it into a different version, sometimes a parody of itself. Bakumaru, the Spirit of Mice, must use the Genmakyou mirror to reveal ("Jarei Shouran!") the evil spirit once enough clues lead to its identity. Often the Eto Rangers must play out some of the story to find out who or what it is, sometimes even taking on the role of one of the characters in the tale. After defeating the creature, Kirinda is called when Bakumaru holds up his hand with one of Aura's 12 gems on it and calls out "Daikourin Kirinda!" Kirinda descends from a dimensional slit and purifies the evil spirit with a beam weapon, calling out "Jouka!" (Purification).
 12 warriors who are burdened with the names of the 12 Chinese Zodiac members fight with each other's lives and pride at stake, all to grant just one wish.
 12 warriors who are burdened with the names of the 12 Chinese Zodiac members fight with each other's lives and pride at stake, all to grant just one wish.(Source
 Chimera, a planet of beasts, is a prison planet for brutal criminals. Thor and Rai are twins, sons of an executive, brought up without wanting for anything. However, their father is murdered, and his murderers send the twins to Chimera. On this unforgiving world they will have to become beasts themselves just to survive.
 Chase Suno and his friends, Jinja and Bren, are on a search for Chase's father, Jeredy Suno. However, they soon become involved in something else upon reaching their father's lab and becoming involved with an organism known as Monsuno. Chase, choosing to side with his father's work, denies S.T.O.R.M. access to the Monsuno and escapes.They are now on the run from the military organization, S.T.O.R.M., while still looking for Chase's father. However, a mysterious organization also has his eyes set on Chase and the group's Monsuno.
 Chase Suno and his friends, Jinja and Bren, are on a search for Chase's father, Jeredy Suno. However, they soon become involved in something else upon reaching their father's lab and becoming involved with an organism known as Monsuno. Chase, choosing to side with his father's work, denies S.T.O.R.M. access to the Monsuno and escapes. They are now on the run from the military organization, S.T.O.R.M., while still looking for Chase's father. However, a mysterious organization also has his eyes set on Chase and the group's Monsuno.
 Chase Suno and his friends, Jinja and Bren, are on a search for Chase's father, Jeredy Suno. However, they soon become involved in something else upon reaching their father's lab and becoming involved with an organism known as Monsuno. Chase, choosing to side with his father's work, denies S.T.O.R.M. access to the Monsuno and escapes. They are now on the run from the military organization, S.T.O.R.M., while still looking for Chase's father. However, a mysterious organization also has his eyes set on Chase and the group's Monsuno.
 Chase Suno and his friends, Jinja and Bren, are on a search for Chase's father, Jeredy Suno. However, they soon become involved in something else upon reaching their father's lab and becoming involved with an organism known as Monsuno. Chase, choosing to side with his father's work, denies S.T.O.R.M. access to the Monsuno and escapes. They are now on the run from the military organization, S.T.O.R.M., while still looking for Chase's father. However, a mysterious organization also has his eyes set on Chase and the group's Monsuno.
 A recap OVA that portrays the first half of the series Heavy Metal L-Gaim. After the credits, there is a short clip animated for the OVA entitled "Lady Gavlet", which is intended to be comic relief.
 A recap OVA that portrays the second half of the series Heavy Metal L-Gaim. After the credits, there is a short clip animated for the OVA entitled "Pentagona Dolls", which is intended to be comic relief.
 A side story taking place somewhere before the second half of the series, prior to Daba acquiring the L-Gaim Mk-II. Daba's comrade Leccee is captured by Poseidal's forces, and Daba and his rebels attempt to save her.
 The world we live in is called Earthside in this story. There are the other worlds called Nosfertia, Heavenstia, and Eternalia. When Darknoids from Nosfertia begun invasion to Earthside, Heavenstia sent 3 Animanoids (beast-humans) to prevent it. The lead character Touya had believed that he was a mere human but found he was actually a being of Eternalia. With the help of 3 Animanoids, Touya fights to defend Earthside.
 Set in a time of chaos, seven heroes of the Stars, the Hokushintenkun, rise up to lead the people. Two of the seven, the Nitenshinson, the Hagun and the Tonrou, are never supposed to exist at the same time, but fate has decided otherwise. Taito, chosen as the Hagun, now must rise up to defeat the Tonrou, as the fate of the Stars destined it to be.
 It is 199X A.D. In Kushiro, Hokkaido, three bodies of Dragonite appear. Possessing overwhelming destructive force, they attack the city. They also awaken the evil Jashin Drago from the holy seal he was trapped in. 200 years ago, Drago was trapped in the seal by a holy warrior with the tattooed mark of the Liger. Assuming that the warrior is dead, Drago and Empress Zara are free to conquer the Earth using their army of biomechanical beasts. Even the Japan Self-Defense Forces are no match for the Dragonites' awesome power. One of the people fleeing is the protagonist, a milquetoast 16 year old boy named Ken Taiga. Unbeknownst to the Dragonites, Ken realizes that he is the descendant of the Liger warrior! In a burst of anger, Ken's Liger birthmark appears, and he rises his palm into the air, shouting the henshin command, "LIGER!!!", which then covers him in demonic long-haired biomechanical armor. Ken transforms into Jushin Liger to fight the evil forces of the Dragonite!
 The new series is set in a near-future world where the boundary between human being and AI is vague. A rapid biological evolution, similar to "Cambrian Explosion," is caused by one incident. This incident turns into the genesis of a new jostle for supremacy, and the influence of the evolution goes beyond biological framework and spreads to various kinds of materials and technologies. The era of massive evolution involving diverse existences, such as human, machines, and biotechnologies, is coming. Characters fight an existential war in such a world.
 The series is set in a near-future world where the boundary between human being and AI is vague. A rapid biological evolution, similar to "Cambrian Explosion," is caused by one incident. This incident turns into the genesis of a new jostle for supremacy, and the influence of the evolution goes beyond biological framework and spreads to various kinds of materials and technologies. The era of massive evolution involving diverse existences, such as human, machines, and biotechnologies, is coming. Characters fight an existential war in such a world.
 In the 22nd century, there are no longer any world wide wars. Instead, small scale wars break out all over the Earth. Meanwhile, a large robot appears who protects the weak. It is called "Dancougar Nova". Some even call it God. However, no one knows the reason for its existence - not even its pilots. Then, another robot, beyond anyone's expectations, reveals itself as the true enemy and begins its attack on the Earth. Dancougar Nova retaliates against this enemy with a power that was kept secret until now. Will Dancougar Nova be able to save the Earth? The prelude to this explosive confrontation rings out.
 Thor and his twin brother, Rai, are cast off to a forsaken planet by unknown masked men after witnessing the suspicious death of their parents. Given only a beam knife and a smelly satchel, they wander together in search of civilization on the primarily plant based world. They soon discover the plants have the advantage. Only the strong survive; the ones who throw away their humanity and become the beasts humans once were.
 Thor and his twin brother, Rai, are cast off to a forsaken planet by unknown masked men after witnessing the suspicious death of their parents. Given only a beam knife and a smelly satchel, they wander together in search of civilization on the primarily plant based world. They soon discover the plants have the advantage. Only the strong survive; the ones who throw away their humanity and become the beasts humans once were.
 Short prologue OVA, bundled with manga volume vol.10.Elsie receives from Dokurou Skull, hell's branch chief of "counter measures", the task to go on earth and capture evil spirits that have escaped from hell.
 Short prologue OVA, bundled with manga volume vol.10.Elsie receives from Dokurou Skull, hell's branch chief of "counter measures", the task to go on earth and capture evil spirits that have escaped from hell.
 The supreme Gods who had too much free time created the ultimate brain games "Play of the Gods." Former Goddess Leche awoke from a long slumber and declared to the world, "Bring forth the person who is the best in games in this era!" Fay is nominated to represent humanity as the "best rookie in recent years."The "Game of the Gods" that is about to begin between the two may be a little too difficult, as there has yet to be a victor throughout human history, because Gods are capricious, very unreasonable, and sometimes completely incomprehensible. However, given the nature of the games, it would be a waste not to have a good time and play with all of one's heart! The ultimate brain battles of a genius gamer boy, a former Goddess, and friends begin!
 Kyouhei, after moving away to Tokyo from his old town to get away from the events that happened, is on a goukon with his friends, including his old neighbour, Shiba. After drinking for a whole night, he and Shiba discover a dead, bloody, body in the elevator. He is told by his younger sister, Utao with her Kamisama Doll, that Aki, an old friend, and his Doll, are the culprits responsible.
 Kyouhei, after moving away to Tokyo from his old town to get away from the events that happened, is on a goukon with his friends, including his old neighbour, Shiba. After drinking for a whole night, he and Shiba discover a dead, bloody, body in the elevator. He is told by his younger sister, Utao with her Kamisama Doll, that Aki, an old friend, and his Doll, are the culprits responsible.
 Bundled with the 16th volume of Kami-sama Hajimemashita manga. One of the included anime based on the story from the manga's 15th volume, while the other contained an all-new original story. The disc also featured a bath scene with Tomoe and that character.
 God abandoned the world on Sunday. As a result, nobody in the world can die or reproduce. A little girl, Ai, is the gravekeeper for a village. She has prepared 47 graves for the eventual deaths of every member of the village. Later, a boy who identifies himself as Hampnie Hambart, the Man-eating Toy, which is coincidentally the name that Ai's mother left behind as the name of her father, arrives in the village and slaughters everybody. Just what is going on?
 Narumi Fujishima isn't your typical high school student. He's never really fit in and has become increasingly more isolated from his fellow classmates. But he's not alone, and when Ayaka, the sole member of the Gardening Club, introduces him to the reclusive girl who lives above the ramen shop, Narumi enters a whole new secret world. Alice is a NEET, someone who is Not Employed, being Educated or in Training, but as Narumi quickly discovers, that doesn't mean that she does nothing all day.In between tending to her small army of stuffed bears, Alice is an expert hacker and a very exclusive private detective. To his surprise, Narumi finds himself drafted as one of the strange-but-elite team of associates that Alice has assembled from her NEET acquaintances. Together they'll battle gangs, thieves, murderers, and drug lords. And in the middle of it all, Narumi will find his life changing forever!
 Ryouma Takebayashi dies in his sleep at the age of 39 after leading a life of misfortune. Taking pity on him, three deities offer him the chance to reincarnate in a world of magic where he has only one mission
 Ryouma Takebayashi dies in his sleep at the age of 39 after leading a life of misfortune. Taking pity on him, three deities offer him the chance to reincarnate in a world of magic where he has only one mission
 Second season of Kami-tachi ni Hirowareta Otoko.
 Second season of Kami-tachi ni Hirowareta Otoko.
 This is a story of a 12-year-old girl, Kanna, born as a descendant of the Gods. Her family has a mission to deliver offerings from all over Japan to the Gods’ gathering in Izumo. Although Kanna’s mother was to complete the mission, her passing prompted Kanna to finish the task, hoping she could reunite with her dead mother in the Gods’ land at the end of her journey.
 This is a story of a 12-year-old girl, Kanna, born as a descendant of the Gods. Her family has a mission to deliver offerings from all over Japan to the Gods’ gathering in Izumo. Although Kanna’s mother was to complete the mission, her passing prompted Kanna to finish the task, hoping she could reunite with her dead mother in the Gods’ land at the end of her journey.
 Kamichama Karin is about a 7th grader named Hanazono Karin. Her parents and beloved cat, Shi-chan recently died, she's getting horrible grades and is forced to live with her aunt. One day, Karin meets a young, orphaned, 7th grade boy named Kujyou Kazune, and discovers that her mother's ring has the power to transform her into a goddess. She soon moves in with Kazune and his cousin Himeka.She and Kazune, who has godlike powers of his own, have to fight to protect Karin's ring and Himeka from the evil intentions of Karasuma Kirio (whom Karin calls Mr. Glasses Man), who is also divine. The trio embark on crazy adventures and go on trips along the way. They also meet new friends and people, such as Micchi, who may know a lot of information not only about the divine transformation of the gods and goddesses, but also about Kazune-kun's long lost father...
 In an idyllic town by the Japanese Inland Sea, people are living peacefully along with the local kami (shinto deities), mononoke, and other spirits.One day during lunch, middle schooler Hitotsubashi Yurie abruptly announces to her friend that she has become a kami. This causes the elder daughter from the local shrine to immediately announce her new "best friendship" to Yurie, and that they will be partners in business!This is the story of the now not-so-ordinary everyday life of Yurie and her friends trying to figure out exactly what kind of kami she has become. But Yurie also has another problem, she still can not get the boy she likes to notice her!
 Yurie Hitotsubashi was just an average middle school student living in the city of Onomichi on Japan's inland sea in the easygoing times of the 1980s. She spent her days worrying about exams and trying to get Kenji, the clueless boy she likes, to notice her. Then during lunch one day she suddenly announces to her friend Mitsue that the night before she had become a goddess. Their classmate Matsuri quickly latches on to Yurie's newfound divinity as a way to promote her family's bankrupt Shinto shrine. She hopes that replacing their hapless local god, Yashima-sama, with Yurie will make the shrine more popular (and profitable). Now, with Matsuri as her manager, Yurie has to grant wishes, cure curses, meet aliens, and attend god conventions. All the while attending school and working-up the courage to confess to Kenji.

 The story revolves around Kusanagi Yui, who is ordered by Zeus, a god and the headmaster of a school he created, to teach the meaning of love to young and handsome gods. The reason he has for doing this is to cancel the negative effects of the weakening bond between the world of the divine and the world of the humans.
 As the end of the century draws near, God's and the Devil's agents are racing to gain power. The Devil has been preparing by placing demons in beautiful works of art in order to lure unsuspecting humans into protecting them. It is up to Kaitou Jeanne, the reincarnation of Jeanne dArc, and her angel guardian Fin Fish to seal these demons and prevent them from corrupting the souls of the innocents they possess.During the day, Jeanne is really high school student Marron, who along with her friends Miyako (a wannabe detective who's life's dream is to capture Jeanne) and Chiaki (who is also Jeanne's rival, Kaitou Sinbad) tries to make it through to the next day...
 Yukito's parents are the leaders of a cult. After he gets sacrificed, he gets reincarnated into another world where religion doesn't exist and porn books are akin to a child's doodles. He finds that it's also a world where your life and death is decided by the country. While obstructing his friend's execution, both of them lose their lives. Just at that moment, the god of his religion comes to their world and revives them.
 Yukito's parents are the leaders of a cult. After he gets sacrificed, he gets reincarnated into another world where religion doesn't exist and porn books are akin to a child's doodles. He finds that it's also a world where your life and death is decided by the country. While obstructing his friend's execution, both of them lose their lives. Just at that moment, the god of his religion comes to their world and revives them.
 Kyouhei, after moving away to Tokyo from his old town to get away from the events that happened, is on a goukon with his friends, including his old neighbor, Shiba. After drinking for a whole night, he and Shiba discover a dead, bloody body in the elevator. He is told by his younger sister, Utao with her Kamisama Doll, that Aki, an old friend, and his Doll are the culprits responsible.
 Nanami Momozono is alone and homeless after her dad skips town to evade his gambling debts and the debt collectors kick her out of her apartment. So when a man she's just saved from a dog offers her his home, she jumps at the opportunity. But it turns out that his place is a shrine, and Nanami has unwittingly taken over his job as a local deity! Nanami has all kinda of new responsibilities she doesn't understand, dangers she's unaware of, and a cranky ex-familiar who's... actually pretty hot. What's a new-fledged godling to do?
 Second season of Kamisama Hajimemashita series.
 Nanami Momozono and her familiars Tomoe and Mizuki have survived quite a few challenges since Nanami took up the mantle of Mikage Shrine's patron god. Naturally, the wind god Otohiko comes to invite Nanami to the Divine Assembly in Izumo, the home of the gods, and Nanami chooses to take Mizuki with her, leaving Tomoe to pose as her at school. However, she has an ulterior motive for attending the Divine Assembly
 OVAs based on the "past arc" of the series, which spans the 14th through 17th volumes of the manga.
 Bundled with the official fanbook.
 Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes.
 In the franchise, "Cocotama" are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes.
 At the end of the last summer vacation of high school, Youta Narukami spends his days preparing for the university entrance exams, when a young girl named Hina suddenly appears, proclaiming herself as the "god of omniscience." Youta is confused and does not believe Hina when she tells him "The world will end in 30 days." After witnessing Hina's God-like predictive ability, Youta begins to believe her powers are real. Hina, who is innocent and childlike despite her supernatural powers, decides for some reason to stay at Youta's home. Thus begins the start of their lively summer before the end of the world.
 At the end of the last summer vacation of high school, Youta Narukami spends his days preparing for the university entrance exams, when a young girl named Hina suddenly appears, proclaiming herself as the "god of omniscience." Youta is confused and does not believe Hina when she tells him "The world will end in 30 days." After witnessing Hina's God-like predictive ability, Youta begins to believe her powers are real. Hina, who is innocent and childlike despite her supernatural powers, decides for some reason to stay at Youta's home. Thus begins the start of their lively summer before the end of the world.
 Narumi Fujishima isn't your typical high school student. He's never really fit in and has become increasingly more isolated from his fellow classmates. But he's not alone, and when Ayaka, the sole member of the Gardening Club, introduces him to the reclusive girl who lives above the ramen shop, Narumi enters a whole new secret world. Alice is a NEET, someone who is Not Employed, being Educated or in Training, but as Narumi quickly discovers, that doesn't mean that she does nothing all day.In between tending to her small army of stuffed bears, Alice is an expert hacker and a very exclusive private detective. To his surprise, Narumi finds himself drafted as one of the strange-but-elite team of associates that Alice has assembled from her NEET acquaintances. Together they'll battle gangs, thieves, murderers, and drug lords. And in the middle of it all, Narumi will find his life changing forever!(Source
 In a world where everything is programmed and operated by mysterious monsters called Promin, all troubles (bugs) that happen around are caused by Bugmin, bugged Promin. With the help of space dog Wanda, a boy named Yuuto tries to catch as many Bugmin as possible before serious consequences emerge.
 Waking up transformed into a beautiful girl might be the stuff of some guys' fantasies, but when the suddenly effeminatized Natsuru is informed by a stuffed tiger that he's now a Kampfer, a mystical fighter who has to fight other Kampfers in female form, his life becomes a living nightmare!Putting aside the obvious "plumbing" issues, Natsuru's best childhood friend turns out to swing the other way and SHE has a crush on his new female body. Not complex enough? Natsuru's school has separate sections for boys and girls, so he and she are now double enrolled. The rumor-mill has it that he's dating herself. And there are other Kampfers attending the school who want to take her out, and he's not sure which ones mean "on a date" and which ones mean "permanently." Oh, and did we mention that some Kampfers use swords and guns?! Hormones, fists, and other body parts will fly as the daring, new gender-bender defender must become a contender or die!
 A two-episode special. They are designated as Episodes 13 and 14, and the first episode is a direct sequel to the previous series while the second episode is about the trans-sex of Natsuru.
 The story revolves around the daily life of Nakamachi Kana, an orphaned middle-school girl, who begins living and working at a newspaper delivery office staffed exclusively by cute girls.
 The year is 2061, when space travel is now possible and commercially viable, and the students of Caird High School embark on their Planet Camp.But soon after Group B5 arrived at their planetary camp site, a mysterious and unforeseen sentient light sphere warps its 9 members into outer space, stranding them 5012 light years away from their home planet.With the discovery of an old, unmanned spaceship nearby, the students must stay strong, manage their limited resources and remain united in the darkness of space, so that all of them can survive their long and likely perilous trek back home aboard the Astra.
 The year is 2061, when space travel is now possible and commercially viable, and the students of Caird High School embark on their Planet Camp.But soon after Group B5 arrived at their planetary camp site, a mysterious and unforeseen sentient light sphere warps its 9 members into outer space, stranding them 5012 light years away from their home planet.With the discovery of an old, unmanned spaceship nearby, the students must stay strong, manage their limited resources and remain united in the darkness of space, so that all of them can survive their long and likely perilous trek back home aboard the Astra.
 KanColle Movie
 Second season of Kantai Collection
 The project centers on girls who compete in jet ski races.
 The project centers on girls who compete in jet ski races.
 OVA which was released as a tie-in to the Kandagawa Jet Girls video game for PlayStation 4.
 OVA which was released as a tie-in to the Kandagawa Jet Girls video game for PlayStation 4.
 Mikuriya Jin decided to use a piece of the sacred tree to carve a statue for his middle-school project and while moving it outside, the statue happens to touch the ground transforming into a cute girl. Her name is Nagi, a Shinto spirit, the guardian of the village, and she is really annoyed that her sacred tree was cut down. Having no place to live, Nagi is forced to move in with Jin and tries to accept her new existence by venting her anger against bugs by squashing them... by cleaning the "impurities".Nagi has a rival in a little sister guardian deity, who lives in a shrine located on the other side of the river. Well, Zange-chan has woken up too and decides to become the top teen-idol of the village, much to Nagi's dismay.
 There is a small town somewhere in Japan, which is surrounded by nature. In this town, there is a large and gorgeous school, Otobashi Gakuen; which was founded to make the students familiar with nature.This story starts off with Kurusugawa Himeko. She is a normal student who goes to Otobashi Gakuen. She leads bright and enjoyable school days with her two friends, Himekawa Chikane and Oogami Souma.Chikane is the only daughter of a distinguished family. She excels at both academics and sports. She is also kind and beautiful, making her very popular among the other students.Oogami Souma is Himeko's childhood friend. He has problems expressing his emotions directly, but he is very sincere.On Himeko's 16th birthday, a dark moon blocks out the sun, and the Orochi come forth to destroy the world. But why are they targetting Himeko...?
 Hatate Sota is a high school boy, who has an ability to visualize "flags" for future events such as "death flag," "friendship flag," and "romance flag." Despite the flag-viewing ability, he avoids making friends with others due to a trauma he experienced in a ship submergence accident. Four beautiful girls get interested in his strange way of living, and they begin to live with him at the school dorm by force.
 Bundled with the 11th volume of Kanojo ga Flag wo Oraretara light novel.
 Second season of Kanojo mo Kanojo.
 The anime portrays a look into the life of a job hunting junior college girl as she lives alone with her black cat.
 Dumped by his girlfriend, emotionally shattered college student Kazuya Kinoshita attempts to appease the void in his heart through a rental girlfriend from a mobile app. At first, Chizuru Mizuhara seems to be the perfect girl with everything he could possibly ask for
 Dumped by his girlfriend, emotionally shattered college student Kazuya Kinoshita attempts to appease the void in his heart through a rental girlfriend from a mobile app. At first, Chizuru Mizuhara seems to be the perfect girl with everything he could possibly ask for
 Second season of Kanojo, Okarishimasu.
 Second season of Kanojo, Okarishimasu.
 Third season of Kanojo, Okarishimasu.
 Short episodes with super-deformed characters posted on the official Twitter account. Includes extra collaboration episodes with halca and the peggies.
 Kouta has girl troubles of the supernatural sort. For some reason, he keeps attracting the attention (and affections) of animal spirits!Having spent most of his life in the country, Kouta is understandably nervous when he moves in with his grandma to attend a high school in the big city. He hoped to make a good impression, but having Chizuru, a beautiful fox spirit, hanging off his arm didn't seem to be the sort of image he wanted to have. She's not alone in her love for Kouta, either. Nozomu, a wolf spirit, as well as other youkai have their sights set on the hapless country boy.
 With the arrival of summer and the school break, Chizuru, Kota, and the rest of their friends are lazily enjoying the warm weather. Chizuru flirts with Kota, Kota gets embarrassed, and Nozomu gets in the way. Tayura pines after Akane, Akane rebuffs Tayura, and a sexy good time ensues. The status quo isn't quite the same since the fox snared her prey, but the timeless boy-meets-girl tale lingers on.
 Changing schools is something the 17-year-old Aizawa Yuuichi is accustomed to, due to his parent's profession, and with their recent venture to Africa, he is returning to his aunt's home after seven years. The time that has passed since his last visit has faded his memories of the people he once knew, and the ties that bonded them to him, including his cousin Minase Nayuki.Slowly those people, coincidentally all being girls, find their way back to him. However, time has passed and things have happened in their own lives. Secrets are coming to surface, and memories are returning to not only Yuuichi, but to those surrounding him.
 One snowy winter's day...I sit on a bench near the station, waiting to meet my cousin Nayuki Minase; it's been seven years since I last saw her.This place is far from the town where I was born and lived until yesterday.This is where Nayuki lives with her mother, who has offered to take me in, now that I am forced to move so suddenly.And this is the town in which my faintest, cloudiest childhood memories are set...A young man, Yuuichi Aizawa, gets off a train and leaves the station as he enters a town that is blanketed by snow. He left the area seven years ago and has now returned to his memories that he left behind. Although his past is blurry in his mind, the girls that still remember him and that he had relationships begin to help him remember. While this happens, the bad memories of his past also begin to come back, and will eventually haunt him.
 As a young child, Aizawa Yuuichi had often visited his cousin in the city. However, something drastic happened to keep him away for seven long years. Now, Yuuichi returns, his memories of those days are simply gone.Settling into the wintry town, Yuuichi comes across several young girls, all of whom are connected to his past. As he befriends them and continues to interact with them, the long forgotten memories from his childhood begin to resurface...
 Changing schools is something the 17-year-old Aizawa Yuuichi is accustomed to, due to his parent's profession, and with their recent venture to Africa, he is returning to his aunt's home after seven years. The time that has passed since his last visit has faded his memories of the people he once knew, and the ties that bonded them to him, including his cousin Minase Nayuki.Slowly those people, coincidentally all being girls, find their way back to him. However, time has passed and things have happened in their own lives. Secrets are coming to surface, and memories are returning to not only Yuuichi, but to those surrounding him.
 TV adaptation of the online browser card battle game.
 Based on Anno Moyoko's essay manga by the same name.
 It's a cultivation story. One with immortal gods and cultivation arts. But more importantly, it's the story of a boy named An Lin, a mortal who was heavily in debt and was pursued by loan sharks before meeting his savior, a True God. Saved from the loan sharks, An Lin was sent to cultivate at the Immortal Cultivation United University, but it seems like he was trolled by the True God...? Is this really the life he was expecting? Wasn't this just a regular cultivation story? What's that? I might be a fake cultivator?
 Kouichi Uehara is a fourth grade student living in the suburb of Tokyo. One day, he picks up a large stone which turns out to be a fossil of a baby "Kappa" who has been sleeping underground for the past 300 years, and names it "Coo." They become good friends and Coo starts living with Kouichi's family. However, Coo has a hard time adjusting to life among humans and misses his kind.
 A young man passes a pet shop on his way home, and seeing a kappa in the window, decides to buy it on a whim. He brings the creature home, and names him Kaatan. He's never owned a kappa before, so he relies heavily on a book he purchased on the subject of raising and training kappa. The books gives several good tips for bringing up a smart and well behaved kappa, and it all seems very simple. Unfortunately, putting these techniques into practice and actually making them work is not quite as easy as the book implies. Kaatan seems to understand things at first, but usually ends up either forgetting what he's learned, or isn't interested in learning in the first place. However, this particular young man has a lot of patience, and continues his possibly fruitless effort to raise Kaatan into a pet he can be proud of.
 While walking home, Mikiya Kokutou comes across a familiar sight
 In August of 1995, Mikiya Kokutou meets a young kimono-clad woman named Shiki Ryougi. When he finds out that they go to the same school, he attempts to befriend her. Though her upbringing is unconventional and she herself is strange, Mikiya is not deterred, and Shiki gradually opens up to him. But Mikiya's life will be changed forever by this simple meeting, and in ways that he never imagined, as he begins to see a deadly side to his new friend...
 Based on a novel by Nasu Kinoko, writer for Type-Moon. Kara no Kyoukai
 From a long sleep, Ryougi Shiki awoke. As an after effect, she gained the power to perceive the death of things. A power to kill anything with just a knife lures Shiki into a dark world. The murderer from two years ago. Swarm of floating ghosts. A girl who can bend things by just looking at them. A spiral construction which collects people's death. When numerous bizarre incidents collides with Shiki's Mystic Eyes, her lost memories reawaken.The main character, Ryougi Shiki, was involved in a car accident and fell into a deep coma for two years. When she finally awoke from it, she had gained the Eyes of Death Perception ability but believed to have lost something instead.The Ryougi family attempted to create human beings that exceeded normal humans, and to accomplish this, they trained their children in various martial arts and fencing, and also made them split their personalities. They believed that by using this method, one personality could be an expert in one subject while the other could be a master of other subjects. Shiki was no exception to this, and she had a masculine and feminine side that switched places with each other.After having woken up from the accident, Shiki believed that her masculine personality side had died during the accident. Instead she tried to supplement the spiritually dead Shiki's personality by her masculine tone.
 "If you blush, you lose."Living by this principle, the middle schooler Nishikata gets constantly made fun of by his seat neighbor Takagi-san. With his pride shattered to pieces, he vows to turn the tables and get back at her some day. And so, he attempts to tease her day after day, only to find himself victim to Takagi-san's ridicule again sooner than later. Will he be able to make Takagi-san blush from embarrassment even once in the end?
 "If you blush, you lose."Living by this principle, the middle schooler Nishikata gets constantly made fun of by his seat neighbor Takagi-san. With his pride shattered to pieces, he vows to turn the tables and get back at her some day. And so, he attempts to tease her day after day, only to find himself victim to Takagi-san's ridicule again sooner than later. Will he be able to make Takagi-san blush from embarrassment even once in the end?
 Second season of Karakai Jouzu no Takagi-san.
 Third season of Karakai Jouzu Takagi-san.
 Third season of Karakai Jouzu Takagi-san.
 Takagi and Nishikata's final summer in junior high is about to begin, and it's already off to a heartwarming start! When the pair find an abandoned kitten, they decide to work together and take care of their adorable new companion until they can locate its missing mother.
 Special episode bundled with the 9th volume of the manga.
 The protagonist, Masaru, has just inherited a big fortune after the death of his father. However, people are trying to get their hands on it by any means necessary, even if it means killing him. Narumi helps Masaru from being kidnapped after fighting strange figures. He finds out that they're not humans, but wooden puppets with amazing strength. After a hard fight, Narumi is forced to admit that he's no opponent for them; and just when he starts to think that Masaru will be captured, Shirogane, Masaru's watcher arrives from France with a weapon, the puppet Arlequin. Here begins the story of Karakuri Circus.
 It is the time of civil war. Zipangu is a country where people live together with gimmick warriors, a kind of super human robot. There, people and gimmick warriors struggle to seize power. Musashi, a Samurai gimmick warrior, departs to on a quest to become the best Samurai warrior. Musashi thrives in the series of battles, encountering with many heroes and villains including his lifelong rival, Kojiro, an expert swordsman. Later, Mushashi and Kojiro are sent by their General to escort the Princess, a granddaughter of the general. The princess is spoiled and difficult, so their journey becomes series of misadventures. Soon, they are caught up in a battle to seize control of the Country.
 8 years ago, Western Civilization visited 19th century Japan. Mechanized dolls and new steam-powered creations began spreading throughout the country. The Wind Gang is a group of doll and steam users who believe in using their creations to violently bring about a new Industrial Era. They attack and destroy the peaceful village of a young doll user named Hiwou one day. Hiwou and his friends escape with a giant doll named Homura. Hiwou now wants to find his father, so that he can help defeat the Wind Gang, and bring peace back to Japan.
 8 years ago, Western Civilization visited 19th century Japan. Mechanized dolls and new steam-powered creations began spreading throughout the country. The Wind Gang is a group of doll and steam users who believe in using their creations to violently bring about a new Industrial Era. They attack and destroy the peaceful village of a young doll user named Hiwou one day. Hiwou and his friends escape with a giant doll named Homura. Hiwou now wants to find his father, so that he can help defeat the Wind Gang, and bring peace back to Japan.
 The world of the humans and the world of the demons (youkai) have overlapped one another, leaving humans to walk the streets of life as they normally would, while demons walk, hidden from the naked eye, down the very same streets. A seemingly young woman named Yurine and her servant, the Karas (from the Japanese word for "Crow"), have long maintained order and balance between the overlapped worlds, ultimately keeping the demons from interrupting the lives of humans. However, humans have come to forget and jest at the existence of demons, and no longer understand the privilege it is to live without fear. Disgusted by this arrogance, an old Karas turns his back on the laws he had once upheld, and in his human form, named Eko, he creates an army of Mikura, or mechanized demons, to ready an attack on the human race.A young man named Otoha inherits the powers of the Karas and takes his place at the side of Yurine, who claims that his soul called out for her while he lived the life of a human. They live in the world of the demons. It is now up to Otoha to prove himself as a Karas, and restore the balance that Eko threatens to upset.Meanwhile, a superstitious police officer named Sagisaka and his rational new recruit, Kure, follow the trail of the murders dealt by Eko's Mikura, as well as the trail of a rogue Mikura named Nue. The prophecy unfolds from here into a grave revelation for all in the city.
 500 years ago in the Tensho Era of Japan, a man was born who defied the will of a demon; a man who had gods of good on his side; a man destined to battle evil....his name was Kabuto. Somehow, Kuroyasya Douki, the vile Black Night Demon, escaped his prison in hell and returned to the earthly plane to wreak vengeance on the family-line of Kabuto. None can escape his deadly magic and masterful skills with the blade; however, the gods of the North, West, East, and South band together to help Kabuto stand for Justice. With the questionable help of a diabolical talking sword that his own father forged, Kabuto may live another day to see his own sons born....
 Failed kamikaze pilot Ken Asuka becomes a rough, tough hooligan who settles all of his problems with karate, until he learns about the legendary swordsman Musashi Miyamoto in the novels of Eiji Yoshikawa. Resolving to live his life like Musashi, he begins to take karate more seriously. Based on a manga by Ikki Kajiwara and Jiro Tsunoda, itself inspired by the real life of Yasunobu Oyama, the founder of the "hard-knock" Kyokushin Karate school.
 Centers around a girl named Akomi and her boyfriend Ponta Ninomiya. Ninomiya is a massive idiot who has no redeeming qualities aside from being really handsome. Follows the couple's everyday lives.
 Miyazawa Yukino has always been a show-off. She always wanted to be number one, to be the very best in everything, to be adored by all others. Then one day, she meets her match
 Karen leads the human resistance group, “11”. Having lost her little sister Touka in the war against these evolving machines, Karen’s strong motivation to save humanity is personal and raging for victory. Slowly growing distant and detached to numb her grief, Karen wants to inflict the same pain onto the machines as they have done to her. Can machines feel pain like humans?
 Miyazawa Yukino has always been a show-off. She always wanted to be number one, to be the very best in everything, to be adored by all others. Then one day, she meets her match
 Miyazawa Yukino is the perfect student. Kind, intelligent, pretty and modest, it's unbelievable that such a person could exist. Little did everyone know Yukino's perfection was just a facade. An act to fulfill her desire for praise and admiration. Her life took a turn however, as a newcomer to their school Arima Soichiro topped the exam rankings. Arima is more then just intelligent, he's also kind, handsome and modest, an unbelievable person who can actually exist. Even worse luck, Arima found out Yukino's secret, blackmailing her to help him out. Their odd relationship soon develops into friendship and eventually into love. But can their love prevail through the many problems that come their way?
 The world can be a very scary place when you’re small. For Arrietty, though, the only real fear in life is in missing out on a big adventure. 14-year-old Arrietty and her parents live in the small spaces of a human garden. They are what some might call “borrowers”; they take items from the human world to eke out a living amidst the shadows.Their existence goes mostly undiscovered until the arrival of 12-year-old Shou. When Shou begins to noticesmall things going missing, he becomes suspicious. He soon meets Arrietty and strikes up a friendship that neither of them could have seen coming. However, this is a friendship fraught with danger due to the obvious risk of Arrietty and her family’s discovery, something that could send the borrowers right into the hands of those that would do them harm. In Karigurashi no Arrietty, Studio Ghibli presents audiences with a beautiful look at the human world... from a much smaller perspective.EditBackground
 Maaka Karin comes from a family of vampires living in Japan, but she is not a normal vampire. Vampires are normally supposed to drink the blood of their victims... but Karin suffers from a condition that causes her body to produce excessive amounts of blood.About once a month, she has to get rid of the excess blood by giving it to her "victims". But she somehow manages... and goes to school like everyone else her age.Well, things are about to get more complicated
 Maaka Karin comes from a family of vampires living in Japan, but she is not a normal vampire. Vampires are normally supposed to drink the blood of their victims but Karin suffers from a condition that causes her body to produce excessive amounts of blood. About once a month, she has to get rid of the excess blood by giving it to her "victims." But she somehow manages to go to school like everyone else her age.Well, things are about to get more complicated. When a new student, Usui Kenta transfers into Karin's class, she starts producing unusually huge amounts of blood, almost as if in reaction to him. Worse, he happens upon Karin's true nature...
 It is an action comedy about a young man's persistent sexual fantasies. It has 4 distinct art styles
 The story takes place in old Tokyo, the Tokyo of August-September 1923 (Showa 12). At this moment in time, the city is a mixture of extremes... past and present, rich and poor, good and bad. This is a city where we see both horsecarts and motorcars, swords and pistols, lords and businessmen.A wealthy woman from an upper-class family finds herself attracted to a handsome young man, Taka. He and his younger brother seem to be allied, perhaps not entirely willingly, with some of the city's criminal underground (Yakuza). The lady's lovely young maidservant, Sara, meets him too, and a conflict ensues which can only lead to tragedy, passion, and dishonor. But, as events move on, and the days pass, the viewer sees a terrible date coming closer... that unforgettable day of September 1, 1923, at 11
 This version of Pinocchio tells a story of an extremely gullible, naive and morally confused wooden doll brought to life by a mystical blue fairy. Pinocchio (Mokku) is characterized as having many character faults which he must learn to overcome in order to be worthy of being granted humanity. Some of these character faults include selfishness, rudeness, insensitivity, indolence, obstinacy, over- trusting, self-pity, stupidity, disobedience, compulsive lying, arrogance, greed, cowardice, recklessness, cruelty, foolishness and an inability to learn from mistakes.
 Hazumu confessed his love to Yasuna, but she turned him down. To ease his heartbreak, he went to Mt. Kashimayama where he had met her for the first time. He loses his way in the mountains, and it starts to get dark. Seeing a big shooting star in the sky, he begins to formulate a wish, but quickly notes that something is very wrong.For the shooting star is actually a space ship about to crash into him. And then he died. Only with the help of the aliens could his live be saved. However, he became a girl, due to an accident during the reconstruction of his body.
 Hazumu confessed his love to Yasuna, but she turned him down. To ease his heartbreak, he went to Mt. Kashimayama where he had met her for the first time. He loses his way in the mountains, and it starts to get dark. Seeing a big shooting star in the sky, he begins to formulate a wish, but quickly notes that something is very wrong.For the shooting star is actually a space ship about to crash into him. And then he died. Only with the help of the aliens could his live be saved. However, he became a girl, due to an accident during the reconstruction of his body.
 Haruno Kasumi is a fourth-grader. Her parents are zoologists who went over to Africa to carry out their research studies. In order to see off her parents, Kasumi arrived at Kasumi Town. In the middle of the town lies an enormous mansion surrounded by the forest. The mansion belongs to the Kasumi household, the family in which Kasumi will be lodging in and taken care of. There is a mysterious aura about the mansion and Kasumi discovers a series of talking appliances. The Kasumi family refers to these creatures as "Henamon". In return for living in with the family, Kasumi will be helping out with the household chores such as cooking and washing. Surrounded by various interesting characters, Kasumi begins a new chapter in her life.
 Haruno Kasumi is a fourth-grader. Her parents are zoologists who went over to Africa to carry out their research studies. In order to see off her parents, Kasumi arrived at Kasumi Town. In the middle of the town lies an enormous mansion surrounded by the forest. The mansion belongs to the Kasumi household, the family in which Kasumi will be lodging in and taken care of. There is a mysterious aura about the mansion and Kasumi discovers a series of talking appliances. The Kasumi family refers to these creatures as "Henamon". In return for living in with the family, Kasumi will be helping out with the household chores such as cooking and washing. Surrounded by various interesting characters, Kasumi begins a new chapter in her life.
 The legendary swordsmith Shikizaki Kiki made 1000 swords in his career. The more swords a state had, the greater success they had in the wars. When the Shogun emerged victorious, he collected 988 of the swords... but those were just practice.The final twelve swords were the pinnacle of his career. Each of them has powers so extraordinary, one man could defeat small armies.Shogunate strategist Togame has been ordered to recover them. She first hired a ninja... but the worth of the swords is so great the entire ninja clan defected the moment they recovered one. Then she hired a swordsman... but he kept the sword for himself.Her last hope is Shichika, the seventh and last practitioner of the Kyotoryuu -- No Sword School. He and his sister live on an island cut off from civilization -- they have no need for money. His sword school does not use swords -- he would not want the swords for himself.So why should he help her?"Because you will fall in love with me."
 Sawada Tsunayoshi, or Tsuna, our male protagonist, is not good at either studies nor sports. So he gets a tutor who goes by the name of Reborn. Surprisingly, he is a baby and his purpose is to shape Tsuna into the full-fledged 10th boss of the Vongole Family. Reborn teaches Tsuna via shooting him with a Deathperation bullet. Those shot by such a bullet are revived to fulfill their dying will.
 The year is 1863 as the tumultuous samurai era is coming to an end, Japan is split between the pro-shogunate and anti-shogunate factions. The fate of the world is threatened as an army of historical revisionists are sent from the future to alter the course of history. In order to bring these forces down and protect the real history, two sword warriors, spirits who are swords brought to life by Saniwa (sage), rush to Edo. The polite and thoughtful Horikawa Kunihiro and the short tempered yet skillful Izuminokami Kanesada, who served the same master, confront the invading army along with a lively gang of other warriors including Mutsunokami Yoshiyuki, Yagen Toushirou, Tombokiri, and Tsurumaru Kuninaga.As the fate of history lies in these hero's hands, what meets the blade is yet to be uncovered...
 In 1863, Izuminokami Kanesada and his partner, Horikawa Kunihiro, arrive in the streets of Edo from the future to investigate their master's reports of an upcoming enemy invasion. As humanoid manifestations of the famous Toshizou Hijikata's swords, they have been tasked with protecting history from the Retrograde Army that seeks to alter it. Soon enlisting the help of other sword warriors, they continuously battle the mysterious army throughout the Bakumatsu period.However, their journey will not be an easy one. Fraught with blood and betrayal in the chaotic era closest to their hearts, the duo will be forced to make difficult decisions with everything they care about on the line.
 Announced at the end of the 13th and final episode of the anime series.
 A short PR historical animation produced by Uruma City, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. The story is about Amawari, the 10th lord (Aji) of Katsuren Castle.A historical animation set in the ruins of Katsuren Castle, a World Heritage Site in Uruma City, Okinawa Prefecture.Amawari, the last lord of the Katsuren Castle ruins, has been widely known as a villain who plotted a rebellion against the Ryukyu Kingdom, but has been praised as a hero in the region.In commemoration of the 1st anniversary of the opening of the historical and cultural facility at the foot of the Katsuren Castle Ruins, the historical animation that is being screened in the facility was released on Youtube for a limited time.
 Katsu Kaizou is a very gullible, 17-year-old high school student and a believer in science fiction, aliens, ghosts, UFOs, conspiracies, etc. He thinks that everything going on around him is the result of some sort of alien plot to take over the world. Each story is pretty much self-contained and is completely bizarre. Kaizou joins the school's science club, makes new friends, and ends up coming in contact with all sorts of strange things like log people, deadly sushi, pee-blades, scary infections, robot invasions, ghosts, living dolls, and more!

 Shikimori seems like the perfect girlfriend
 Shikimori seems like the perfect girlfriend
 Liza Luna is an alien who wants to destroy Earth upon her first look. But the planet has a plethora of good things, and it would be a pity for her not to check it out. Thus, Earth is spared from destruction, and the alien starts to wander around places. Soon, Liza ends up in a cat cafe, where she will encounter creatures that are beyond her understanding.
 The Ishinomori Manga Museum released an animated short directed by Takuya Inaba based on Shotaro Ishinomori's semi-autobiographical and wordless manga Jun
 Kakeru, a former elite runner at high school, is chased for stealing food. He is saved by a Kansei University student Haiji, who is also a runner. Haiji persuades Kakeru to live in the old apartment "Chikuseisou" where he plans to team up with fellow residents to enter Hakone Ekiden Marathon, one of the most prominent university races in Japan. Kakeru soon finds out that all of the residents except for Haiji and himself are complete novices.EditBackground
 Former ace runner of Sendai Josei High School, Kakeru Kurahara is chased away from a convenience store for shoplifting. Shaking off his pursuer, he runs into Haiji Kiyose, another student from his university. Haiji is impressed by Kakeru's agility and persuades him to live in Chikusei-sou, the run-down apartment where Haiji resides along with eight other students. Having lost his entire apartment deposit at a mahjong parlor, Kakeru accepts the offer reluctantly.However, Haiji reveals a secret during Kakeru's welcoming party
 A girl moves from the city and goes to school in the country due to some circumstances in her father's job. Her new schoolmates keep her at a distance. There is a boy she'd like to get to know better, but she worries about how he might treat her and doesn't try to get closer. She begins to hate life in the countryside and longs to return to the city, but she ends up meeting a real god of wind.
 The story begins in a small town, Pennsylvania in 1838. Jeanie MacDowell is a cheerful and beautiful girl with light brown hair. Jeanie enjoys playing the piano and loves taking piano lessons from her mother.Steven, a good harmonica player, and Bill, a black boy who is very good at playing the banjo, are great friends of Jeanie's. They enjoy playing music together like a small band.However, Jeanie's happy life changes dramatically after her mother suddenly passes away.Experiencing many difficulties and learning the importance of life, she decides to devote her life to helping many people suffering from illness.This series is a highly emotional love story about the relationship between young Stephen Foster, who later becomes a famous composer and author of children's songs, and young Jeanie MacDowell, who becomes Stephen Foster's wife.
 ased on the Emily of New Moon novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. Emily is an orphan who gets sent to live with her relatives on Prince Edward Island, after her father dies. In New Moon she lives with her Aunt Elizabeth, Aunt Laura, and Cousin Jimmy, and learns to adapt with the help of her imagination and new friends.
 Ayano is the heir to the house of Kannagi, a house with ties to the Spirit of Fire whose members are all fire users. All except for her cousin, Kazuma. After he was defeated by Ayano, his father banished him from the house in disgrace. Kazuma runs off and changes his surname to Yagami. He forms a contract with the Spirit of Wind and becomes a powerful wind user.Four years later, he returns. Some killings in the Kannagi house by a powerful wind user lead Ayano and the Kannagi house into thinking Kazuma is taking revenge. Although claiming to be innocent, Kazuma is preparing for an all out war with Kannagi.
 Yagami Kazuma was originally part of the Kannagi family, a respected family of fire users who have an affinity to fire. However, after being easily defeated by his cousin Ayano and having no talent whatsoever in fire magic, Kazuma is banished and casted out from his family. 4 years later, Kazuma finally returns to Japan, this time as an exceptionally powerful wind user. A series of murders on Kannagi family members have occurred with his arrival. While most of the family including Ayano is convinced Kazuma is the culprit, he honestly isn't. These events begin an all out war against the Kannagi family, with Kazuma and Ayano right in the middle of it. Based on the novel by Takahiro Yamato.
 In search for Araki Genzo, George Kodama finds himself in the small town of Kimujuku. George quickly realizes that he is unwelcome and is warned to leave as soon as possible. With two rival syndicates roaming the streets and a dark violent past, the town of Kimujuku isn't what it appears to be. George challenges the town of Kimujuku in order to reveal the towns dark hidden past and discover the truth.
 In search for Araki Genzo, George Kodama finds himself in the small town of Kimujuku. George quickly realizes that he is unwelcome and is warned to leave as soon as possible. With two rival syndicates roaming the streets and a dark violent past, the town of Kimujuku isn't what it appears to be. George challenges the town of Kimujuku in order to reveal the towns dark hidden past and discover the truth.
 The Wind Rises Jirou dreams of flying and designing beautiful airplanes, inspired by the famous Italian aeronautical designer Caproni. Nearsighted from a young age and thus unable to become a pilot, Jirou joins the aircraft division of a major Japanese engineering company in 1927. His genius is soon recognized, and he grows to become one of the world's most accomplished airplane designers. Key historical events deeply affected the course of Jirou's life, including the great Kanto earthquake of 1923, the Great Depression, the tuberculosis epidemic, and Japan's plunge into war. He meets and falls in love with Naoko, grows and cherishes his friendship with his colleague Honjou, and innovates tremendously, leading the aviation world into the future.
 In the Edo or Tokugawa period (1600-1868), Ran, a female wandering samurai whose skill with the katana is only matched by her taste for sake (rice wine), is joined by a chinese martial artist who calls herself Lady Meow of the Iron Cat Fist. Tsukikage Ran has individual episodes that are just short stories of their adventures.
 In the Edo or Tokugawa period (1600-1868), Ran, a female wandering samurai whose skill with the katana is only matched by her taste for sake (rice wine), is joined by a chinese martial artist who calls herself Lady Meow of the Iron Cat Fist. Tsukikage Ran has individual episodes that are just short stories of their adventures.
 10-year-old Flone is a very active, tomboyish sort of a girl. One day, her father receives a letter from his English friend who is now in Australia. In the letter, the friend asks her father to come down to Australia because of a serious shortage of doctors. The family decides to leave their old house in Bern. Now their drifting voyage has begun!Flone's fantastic adventures will teach children about the importance of family and the joys of living amidst nature's beauty.
 10-year-old Flone is a very active, tomboyish sort of a girl. One day, her father receives a letter from his English friend who is now in Australia. In the letter, the friend asks her father to come down to Australia because of a serious shortage of doctors. The family decides to leave their old house in Bern. Now their drifting voyage has begun!Flone's fantastic adventures will teach children about the importance of family and the joys of living amidst nature's beauty.
 Incorporating the earlier two parts and adding additional footage as an epilogue, Keifuku-san features the adventures of a young girl in a railway conductor uniform and a floating manta ray as they explore an otherworldly space. The video features direction by Tatsuki, animation by Hirayasu, and art by Yukko (all members of animation studio irodori), as well as the voice talents of Yumiri Hanamori.
 Kaminashi Nozomi (17) is an exceptional gymnast. So much so that colleges with some of the best gymnastic programs are trying to recruit her. Unfortunately for them, she has other plans. Due to her family being extremely poor, money is everything to her. That's why she wants to step into the world of "Keijo." "Keijo" is a type of gambling sport where girls stand on a small floating platform and compete against one another. The aim is to push the other contestant off of the platform into the water, but they are only allowed to use their butt or breasts to push the others off. Will Nozomi be able to compete in the intense world of "Keijo" and bring wealth and fortune for her family?
 Kaminashi Nozomi (17) is an exceptional gymnast. So much so that colleges with some of the best gymnastic programs are trying to recruit her. Unfortunately for them, she has other plans. Due to her family being extremely poor, money is everything to her. That's why she wants to step into the world of "Keijo." "Keijo" is a type of gambling sport where girls stand on a small floating platform and compete against one another. The aim is to push the other contestant off of the platform into the water, but they are only allowed to use their butt or breasts to push the others off. Will Nozomi be able to compete in the intense world of "Keijo" and bring wealth and fortune for her family?
 Specials bundled with the DVD/BD release of the main series.
 Ryuuto Kashima is a gloomy high schooler. As part of a punishment game, he was forced to confess to Runa Shirakawa, a girl from the top of the school caste who was admired by everyone.They ended up going out for the unexpected reason of "Err, I'm free now so..." but Ryuuto ends up following and eavesdropping on Runa being confessed by a handsome soccer club member, and Runa bringing Ryuuto, whom she had just begun dating, to her own room as a matter of course.They have different friends and ways to have fun, and they are different in almost every way. Nonetheless, they begin to relate with each other after being surprised by their differences every day and accepting them.
 A long time ago dragons ruled a world of elves, dwarves, vampires, homunculi, and humans. In the present dragons have all but disappeared, so the ones left chose to live together, and their appearance came to resemble that of humans. The year 2x19 in Tokyo is mostly a time of peace, but a group called the Nine cause chaos in their quest to obtain the dragons' powers and change the world. The police form a unit consisting of various experts to fight against Nine; the Special Crime Investigation Unit - Special 7 (Tokunana). These individuals have abilities that surpass the average human, to the extent that there are rumors of rebellion against them. A rookie, Seiji Nanatsuki, enters the unit. While teased by other members with colorful personalities, he sets out to solve cases involving Nine with his bright mind and straightforward thinking. Will he be able to find justice in the most grueling circumstances?
 A long time ago dragons ruled a world of elves, dwarves, vampires, homunculi, and humans. In the present dragons have all but disappeared, so the ones left chose to live together, and their appearance came to resemble that of humans. The year 2x19 in Tokyo is mostly a time of peace, but a group called the Nine cause chaos in their quest to obtain the dragons' powers and change the world. The police form a unit consisting of various experts to fight against Nine; the Special Crime Investigation Unit - Special 7 (Tokunana). These individuals have abilities that surpass the average human, to the extent that there are rumors of rebellion against them. A rookie, Seiji Nanatsuki, enters the unit. While teased by other members with colorful personalities, he sets out to solve cases involving Nine with his bright mind and straightforward thinking. Will he be able to find justice in the most grueling circumstances?
 The OVA will be focus on when Kujaku Nijou first entering group, which occurs one year before the main anime begins.
 The OVA will be focus on when Kujaku Nijou first entering group, which occurs one year before the main anime begins.
 Aida Hiro is in his second year of high school. All of his previous encounters with love went without reciprocation., but it's not unheard of for a 17 year-old-boy attending an all boys' school not to have much love experience. Still, he cannot be happy, being both unable to whole-heartedly pursue the opposite sex and fulfill his romantic curiosity. However, he is able to experience true romantic love when he encounters the Ketai Girl, "Rin".
 The grown-up say he is naughty but Keke feels he is just being curious like any other boy -- with a nagging mother who loves her family dearly, a father who is a philosopher-inventor, a mischievous puppy, Pipi -- and a smart cute alien (yes, from outer space) pocket-sized companion, MoMo, who dropped in one day and decided to stay. Keke has his ups and downs like he does good and bad things -- and stupid things!He likes cartoons, doodling on his drawing pad and he dreams of long holidays and of being grown-up -- and no longer under Mama's thumb. But in the meantime, normal life gets in the way like going to school and carrying his boring bento lunch made by Mama, so let us meet Keke and his family and may the fun begin!
 A breach between Earth and the netherworlds has opened up over the city of New York, trapping New Yorkers and creatures from other dimensions in an impenetrable bubble. They've lived together for years, in a world of crazy crime sci-fi sensibilities. Now someone is threatening to sever the bubble, and a group of stylish superhumans is working to keep it from happening.
 Second season of Kekkai Sensen.
 Second season of Kekkai Sensen.
 Bundled with the 5th volume of the Kekkai Sensen
 The Winter 2016 issue of Jump SQ.Crown magazine (pictured), which will go on sale on January 22, has announced that Yasuhiro Nightow's supernatural action manga Kekkai Sensen (Blood Blockade Battlefront) will receive an OVA episode.The episode, titled "Ousama no Restaurant no Ousama," will be released on June 3, 2016, with the Kekkai Sensen guide book titled Blood Blockade Battlefront Binge Bible. It adapts a story from the eighth volume of the manga. Rie Matsumoto returns to direct the episode, which will be animated by studio Bones. It has an estimated running time of 25 minutes.
 Sumimura Yoshimori is a normal 14-year-old middle-school student, though he always falls asleep in class. This is however due to his night duties, in which he takes on the role of a Kekkaishi (Barrier Master).Together with Yukimura Tokine, his neighbour and childhood friend (/sweetheart), he serves as a protector for the school which holds a few ancient secrets. These secrets are slowly being unraveled, which may play a role in Yoshimori's ultimate plans.
 Sumimura Yoshimori, a 14-year-old junior high school boy, is a descendant of the Kekkaishi, or an exterminator of monsters. He is vying for the heir to the family with Yukumura Tokine. Tokine is older than him, and she is his childhood friend as well as his rival Kekkaishi. To save people from the crises, and to make himself stronger, Yoshimori fights against monsters at night.
 Satou has been in love with his childhood friend and neighbor, Hime, ever since she and her grandfather appeared out of nowhere 10 years ago. Now a dazzling, yet mysterious high school beauty, she makes it more and more difficult for him to confess his feelings. As the anniversary of their first meeting is nearing, will he muster up his courage to transform their friendship into something more? Or will an entirely different fate await this tightly bonded pair?
 At the academy Miami Takashi attends, higher education has sunk to the lowest levels of depravity, with armed hall monitors, teachers who wear masks to hide their identities and special detention sessions in a torture chamber beneath the gym! It's a curriculum designed to chew up sweet young things, and poor Miami's been voted "Least Likely to Survive" in her class! Is there no hope? Can no one save her? Enter Kekko Kamen, the most outrageous superheroine ever! Clad in a red mask, red boots and nothing else, she is the supreme protector of innocents like Miami. Armed with her trusty nunchaku and a body that just won't quit, she'll make chopped pork out of the swine who run this school from hell! But who is she really? The only one who knows for sure is creator Go Nagai and he's not giving anything away... except lots of free peeks at Kekko Kamen's magnificent physique!(Source
 The high school student Kobayashi Sanpeita dreams he is engaged to a beautiful girl. Then one morning, a strange homely girl suddenly breaks through a wall in his bedroom, fighting spider-like battle droids, to tell him that she is his bride and that her name is Kemeko. In order to escape, Sanpeita flees his home and runs to school, but Kemeko follows him.And things only get stranger when Sanpeita is targeted by something that looks like a rice cooker on the school's rooftop. As Sanpeita and his childhood friend Makihara Izumi are being attacked, strange little Kemeko intervenes to save them both. But just who is Kemeko? Someone who claims to be Sanpeita's new steel bride!?Sanpeita is surprised to learn that Kemeko is actually a girl-style powered-combat-suit and that the pilot is a cute girl named Mishima Mei. She may be a heavily armed and violent girl, but still quite cute, nonetheless.
 * Based on a manga by Iwasaki Masakazu, serialised in Dengeki Comic Gao!.The high school student Kobayashi Sanpeita dreams he is engaged to a beautiful girl. Then one morning, a strange homely girl suddenly breaks through a wall in his bedroom, fighting spider-like battle droids, to tell him that she is his bride and that her name is Kemeko. In order to escape, Sanpeita flees his home and runs to school, but Kemeko follows him. And things only get stranger when Sanpeita is targeted by something that looks like a rice cooker on the school's rooftop. As Sanpeita and his childhood friend Makihara Izumi are being attacked, strange little Kemeko intervenes to save them both. But just who is Kemeko? Someone who claims to be Sanpeita's new steel bride!?Sanpeita is surprised to learn that Kemeko is actually a girl-style powered-combat-suit and that the pilot is a cute girl named Mishima Mei. She may be a heavily armed and violent girl, but still quite cute, nonetheless.
 The anime's story takes place in Japari Park, a "gigantic integrated zoo." In the zoo, due to the mysterious "sand star" substance, the animals start turning into human-shaped creatures called Animal Girls. Japari Park is a place where many people visit and have fun at, but one day a lost child wanders into the park. The lost child starts a journey to return, but because so many Animal Girls join in on the quest it becomes an unexpected grand adventure.
 Japari Park is an untamed paradise where many humanoid animals, known as "Friends," live their everyday lives in all corners of the natural environmental park.One lazy afternoon in the savannah area, the energetic Serval encounters a peculiar new Friend. Curious, she swiftly takes down the Friend, named Kaban, to try and discover what species she is. To Serval's disappointment, not even Kaban herself knows the answer.The two become friends and set out on a grand adventure through the many habitats, landmarks, and attractions of Japari Park. Their destination is the park library, where they hope to shed some light on Kaban’s identity. Along the way, they meet many other Friends, looking into their lives and helping them out. However, they soon begin to uncover the sinister reality behind the park and their own existence.
 Second season of Kemono Friends.

 Kemono no Souja Erin is about a young woman who is drawn into a war between kingdoms.10-year-old Erin is a young girl who lives with her mother in the Tai Koh Region in the small Village of Ake. She has a big love for animals, especially the Touda, dragon-like creatures used in the war.Her mother Soyon was originally of the Mist People, an ancient clan who have members with green hair and eyes, and is rumored to follow in the ancient ways, practice magic, and hide in the mist. But despite her genealogy, they stay in the village because Erin's late father was the son of the village chief and Soyon is the head Touda doctor.One day however a tragedy happens which changes Erin's life forever.
 A race of cannibal monsters called the Shokujinki exists and it is the job of the Kifuuken, an elite group of beast-hunters, to stop them. Toshihiko Momota, an expert swordsman and son of the Kifuuken organization's leader, unexpectedly falls in love at first sight with a beautiful girl named Yuka; however, the couple's relationship is much more complicated than it seems at first glance, for Yuka is a Shokujinki.
 The science-fiction action story follows girls who fight with weird entities nicknamed "mushi" (bugs) and survive in a world of red fog.
 Ken En Ken
 Ken Tamaki defeats corrupt organizations and even finds love through his favorite pastime, the Japanese skill toy "kendama." But kendama is no mere toy. The stakes are high and Ken will have to fight for his right to play in KENDA MASTER KEN!
 Since the Edo periods of Japan, gladiator arenas exist in certain areas. In these arenas, wealthy business owners and merchants hire gladiators to fight in unarmed combat where winner takes all. Toki Taouma, nicknamed "Ashura," joins these arenas and devastates his opponents. His spectacular ability to crush his enemies catches the attention of the big business owners, including the Nogi Group chairman, Nogi Hideki.
 Since the Edo periods of Japan, gladiator arenas exist in certain areas. In these arenas, wealthy business owners and merchants hire gladiators to fight in unarmed combat where winner takes all. Toki Taouma, nicknamed "Ashura," joins these arenas and devastates his opponents. His spectacular ability to crush his enemies catches the attention of the big business owners, including the Nogi Group chairman, Nogi Hideki.
 Second half of Kengan Ashura.
 Second half of Kengan Ashura.
 Shirahama Ken'ichi is an average student who has earned the nickname "Weak Legs" from always getting bullied. One day he meets a cute girl named Fuurinji Miu who helps him build the courage to begin training at a mysterious dojo where she lives. Here Kenichi faces intense training from masters of many different martial arts styles as he attempts to become stronger.
 Bundled with the 46th, 47th, 49th, 53rd and 54th volumes of manga.
 Sakimori Kagami plays a VRMMORPG called Arch Earth Online. He is a veteran player with the name and appearance similar to an elderly bearded wizard from a certain book about a ring.One day he purchases an appearance change item as a last resort to spend expiring currency and gets the idea of choosing what he would want to look like if his character was ever a girl.Falling asleep should have suspended the game, but Kagami wakes up still online and feels the game has has gotten a bit more realistic. Did Arch Earth Online finally get a long-awaited update?
 Sakimori Kagami plays a VRMMORPG called Arch Earth Online. He is a veteran player with the name and appearance similar to an elderly bearded wizard from a certain book about a ring.One day he purchases an appearance change item as a last resort to spend expiring currency and gets the idea of choosing what he would want to look like if his character was ever a girl.Falling asleep should have suspended the game, but Kagami wakes up still online and feels the game has has gotten a bit more realistic. Did Arch Earth Online finally get a long-awaited update?
 A young man who had surely died in an accident, was reborn in another world as a baby! After that, he was picked up by the patriot hero "Sage" Merlin Wolford and was given the name Shin. He was raised as a grandson by Merlin and soaked up Merlin's teachings, earning him some shocking powers; however, when he became 15, his grandfather Merlin said, "I forgot to teach him common sense!"An "abnormal" boy's unconventional other world fantasy life starts here!
 A young man who had surely died in an accident, was reborn in another world as a baby! After that, he was picked up by the patriot hero "Sage" Merlin Wolford and was given the name Shin. He was raised as a grandson by Merlin and soaked up Merlin's teachings, earning him some shocking powers; however, when he became 15, his grandfather Merlin said, "I forgot to teach him common sense!"An "abnormal" boy's unconventional other world fantasy life starts here!
 Kenka Banchou Otome - Girl Beats Boys, Hinako Nakayama has spent all of her life being raised in state-run orphanages, without ever knowing her family. As she's about to enter high school, Hinako is approached by Hikaru, a boy who claims to be her twin brother.According to Hikaru, Hikaru and Hinako are the children of the head of the powerful Onigashima yakuza family, and Hikaru wants Hinako to switches places with him at Shishiku Academy, an all-boys school overrun with the nation's toughest delinquents. Can Hinako save her brother, find romance, and become the new boss of the school?
 Kenka Banchou Otome - Girl Beats Boys, Hinako Nakayama has spent all of her life being raised in state-run orphanages, without ever knowing her family. As she's about to enter high school, Hinako is approached by Hikaru, a boy who claims to be her twin brother.According to Hikaru, Hikaru and Hinako are the children of the head of the powerful Onigashima yakuza family, and Hikaru wants Hinako to switches places with him at Shishiku Academy, an all-boys school overrun with the nation's toughest delinquents. Can Hinako save her brother, find romance, and become the new boss of the school?
 Within the Kanagawa prefecture lies the seaside city of Umineko. There, Okiura Kaname, a 2nd year high school student, attends Umineko Shougyou High School (or Umisho for short). He is also the manager of Umisho's swim team though he himself does not know how to swim. In fact, he is afraid of the water stemming from an incident which occurred some years ago. While he was at the beach, he had nearly drowned when a mermaid pulled him under the water. He joined the school's swimming club in order to learn how to swim, but the club is filled with weirdos, who don't teach him swimming.One day, a floating house arrives at the shores of Umisho bearing two persons. One of these is a cheerful, sunny, happy-go-lucky girl named Ninagawa Amuro, a transfer student to Umisho, and the other is her father. Her incredible swimming speed makes her an instant hit with the swimming club, but Okiura is surprised, as she reminds him of the mermaid he saw only once in his early childhood. After her floating house is destroyed during a storm she moves to Kaname's house.
 Pet shop owner's daughter Chika Tokorozawa spends every waking hour with her dog, Rin Tin Tin, who repays her love by watching over her while she sleeps. Based on the manga in Young Sunday magazine by Maki Otsubo, who is better known in the manga world for Mr. Cinema.
 On a Mars covered in ice and oceans, people have learned to survive by building large floating city-ships in which they can live. And by using submarines to travel beneath the ice and harsh winds that rage overhead, humanity has been able to develop a global community. But during a distant galactic war, Earth looked to Mars as important water resource to support their war efforts.Now that the war is over, Earth still values the wealth of resources that Mars provides, and is reluctant to release their firm control over their smaller step-sister.Continuous oppression breeds complaints and contempt, and rebellions occurred. And with each failure, the independence movement learned and grew more organized. During this confusion, pirates appeared to prey on the wealth and abundant resources of Earth's occupying forces. The Earth government decides to organize a special military unit equipped to fight on Mars - to settle and suppress both the independence movement and pirates once and for all.
 Telegraph Pole Society, a mysterious group, is planning to conquer the world. The principal of the local high school forms a Defense Force by recruiting students from school

 The comedy centers around a high school boy named Madanbashi Kouichi who has Hi-ERo particles, the power source to operate the robotic weapon Daimidaler. With the help of Sonan Kyouko from the mysterious Prince Beauty Parlor organization, he stands up against the Penguin Empire that troubles humanity.
 Battles continue between "Penguin Empire", the mysterious life form which arrived on earth all of a sudden, and "Beauty Salon Prince", the secret anti-Penguin organization. In order to fight Penguin Empire's gigantic "Penguin Robot", Beauty Salon Prince has developed their ultimate weapon, "Daimidaler", and is now looking for the pilot. They choose Koichi Madanbashi, a hot-blooded high school boy who is mad about big boobs, because he is the factor of "Hi-ERo particles", the source of unknown energy.(Source
 Mini-OVA specials bundled with each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Kenzen Robo Daimidaler.
 Aoi, a regular boy, is cused with a spell that turns him into a frog whenever he gets wet. He is sent to another world with a frog kingdom to find the princess to undo the spell. When he finds out that she doesn't know how to lift the curse, they set out to find the spell that will. Along the way they meet many interesting creatures, come accross many dangers, and make many new friends.
 Second TV (flash animated) series of Keroro Gunsou.
 Keroro is a frog-like alien from planet Keron, who's on a mission to conquer Pekopon (Earth). However, when his cover is blown, his battalion abandons him and he ends up in the home of the Hinata family. There, he's forced to do household chores and sleep in a dark basement that was once a prison cell haunted by the ghost of an innocent girl.Keroro and his other 4 squad members continue with their plans to conquer Pekopon, aside from building Gundam Models and being lazy in various other ways...
 Keroro is a frog-like alien sent from his home planet on a mission to conquer Earth. But then his cover is blown, his battalion abandons him and he ends up in the home of the Hinata family where he becomes friends with Fuyuki and gradually starts to forget about his mission, enjoying life on earth.It is a day just like any other when Keroro skips out on simulated battle training in favor of buying the newest Gundam model with Fuyuki. On their way home, they stumble upon a hidden shrine, where they end up causing damage to a shining orb uppon exploring it. That night, Keroro finds a big X on his face, which causes him considerable distraught. The next morning, a breaking news story shows that the X has spread to more than just Keroro, giving the people of Tokyo telepathic abilities, including the Hinata Household and the Keroro Platoon. The Earthlings seem to think this is a great gift, but the mark may actually be part of a Pekopon invasion older than time itself.
 During a vacation Natsumi is visited by two male and female aliens named Meru and Maru. After becoming the Deep Sea Princess, Natsumi gains feelings for Meru who is haunted by his traumatic past. Having grown accustomed to Natsumi's title, the Keroro Platoon expects a calm vacation; however, their vacation is cut short and turns into a fight for survival as an alien creature that Fuyuki has adopted reveals itself to be the enemy of the kingdom and now sends creatures of mass destruction to assassinate Natsumi, and any who stand in their way.
 The movie begins with Fuyuki Hinata and the Keroro Platoon exploring an abandoned temple in the mountaintop city of Machu Picchu in Peru. While on the exploration, Keroro accidentally sets off a trap, and by chance they find a hidden chamber with a large blue crystal in the center, on a stand that has a key in it. Keroro leans on the key, causing the room to activate a mysterious machine, this caused the entire temple to shake. As soon as the group realized what was happening, they run out of the room. While running, Keroro accidentally loses his Kero Ball while Fuyuki catches a fleeting glimpse of a glowing young woman as he is running out, and tells Keroro that there was a girl in the room, but he is forced to leave the room before he can say anything else. The group successfully escapes, while the girl (now sprouting a pair of glowing wings) watches them leave - while back in the chamber, something is growing within the crystal...
 One day, a stone carving bearing an uncanny likeness to Keroro arrives at Fuyumi's place. To solve this mystery, the Keroro Squad travels to the isolated and mysterious Easter Island. There, they meet harmless spirits known as Mana, and the odd twins Io and Rana. Lastly, there is Akuaku, a legendary evil spirit recently awoken from its long sleep.
 This was the 14-minute movie that was screened in theaters with Keroro Gunsou Movie 3. It became the prequel to the Mushakero in season 5 of the main Keroro Gunsou anime series. It takes place in Ranstar where the Keroro platoon are up against the Vipers. The whole setting of Ranstar is based on the Sengoku Era of Japan, and all characters are dressed in that fashion.
 The anime adapted from the manga remake version of the Korean webtoon "A Simple Thinking about Bloodtypes" involving the faceless and nameless characters of four different blood types to discuss about popular anthropomorphized blood types (the stereotypes about the blood types) in Japan and Korea.
 Second season of Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
 Third season of the Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
 4th season of Ketsuekigata-kun! series.
 Tokiko Mima, nicknamed "Key," is a 17-year-old girl living in the Japanese countryside who, despite her human-like appearance, is a robot. When Key's grandfather Dr. Murao Mima passes away, he leaves her a dying message, telling her that she can become a real girl if she is able to make thirty thousand friends. Thus, Key moves from the quiet Mamio Valley to the busy streets of Tokyo, where she soon runs into her childhood friend Sakura Kuriyagawa.Key quickly becomes enamored with idol singer Miho Utsuse and wonders if becoming a singer will allow her to make the amount of friends needed for her to become human. But Miho carries a ominous secret
 Tokiko Mima, nicknamed "Key," is a 17-year-old girl living in the Japanese countryside who, despite her human-like appearance, is a robot. When Key's grandfather Dr. Murao Mima passes away, he leaves her a dying message, telling her that she can become a real girl if she is able to make thirty thousand friends. Thus, Key moves from the quiet Mamio Valley to the busy streets of Tokyo, where she soon runs into her childhood friend Sakura Kuriyagawa.Key quickly becomes enamored with idol singer Miho Utsuse and wonders if becoming a singer will allow her to make the amount of friends needed for her to become human. But Miho carries a ominous secret
 Zed is a 15-year-old boy who lives in Calm. He is frustrated by his current daily life and feels that somewhere out there is a place where he can live more fully. One day, at the invitation of a mysterious wind, Zed dives into a space-time crevasse, seeking the answer that might be there.Riding on the wind, he arrives in a world where warriors called Shard Casters fight endlessly with each other, using magical crystals called Shards.With the power of the Shards, the Shard Casters are able to use magic and control monsters called Spirits. Fascinated by that power, Zed also aims to become a Shard Caster. However, he still doesn't know that residing in his body is Amil Gaul, a mighty Spirit with the power to influence the world's future.
 In a dystopian future, two friends dream of freedom... and gain more than they bargain for! Hothead Zed is on the run from the authorities, while his brainy pal Noah struggles with his own battered body. Both find a magical world that seems to offer escape and power undreamed of. Join Zed and his powerful, rebellious spirit Amir Gaul on their search for the ultimate power. It's a force that can save the world - or destroy life as we know it. This is the world of KIBA! Where you must harness the power within and fight with all you got!
 Kick-Heart is a love story between Romeo, a successful pro-wrestler, and Juliet, a nun who lives a secret double-life as a female pro-wrestler. Romeo's secret is that he enjoys taking a beating in the ring, while Juliet feels invigorated when facing her opponents as a wrestler. When the two meet in the ring, the fireworks fly. Their story is set in the colourful backdrop of the professional wrestling world. Will Juliet reveal her true identity to the one she loves? Will Romeo be able to share his secret to the world?
 After fighting in numerous interstellar wars, mankind forms the Galactic Union to bring stability and to prevent conflicts between different planets. However, disputes between members of the union itself persists. In the Star Century year 0165, the Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs (GOTT) was formed. This organization utilizes the superpowered ES taskforce to maintain order. Eclair and Lumiere are two low-ranking ES members who carry out missions for GOTT. However, as they begin to see more and more of the galaxy, they soon realize that what they know about GOTT, the Galactic Union, and even themselves might not be all there is to it...
 A recap of the original anime's first quarter.
 A recap of the original anime's second quarter.
 This Movie is the retelling of the original anime's final.
 In the future, rapidly advancing technology gives birth to giant robots known as "Labors," so named for their usefulness in heavy industry. However, this also gives rise to "Labor crimes," resulting the need for a new branch of law enforcement equipped with and dedicated to the policing of Labors. When Izumi Noa, a female police officer, becomes the newest recruit of Special Vehicle Division 2, she and her top of the line "Patrol Labor" (or "Patlabor") Alphonse are swept into a series of adventures featuring crazed construction workers, eco-terrorists, and sea monsters.
 Three years after the Babylon Project conspiracy is resolved, the members of Kiichi Gotou's Patlabor unit have gone their separate ways. Gotou remains with the Patlabor team, accompanied by Shinobu Nagumo, his romantic crush and comrade.Playing into the public's skepticism toward the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force, a terrorist organization begins to work from within the military to cause destruction and mass civil unrest throughout Japan. Nagumo learns that the mastermind behind the growing terrorist plot is none other than Yukihito Tsuge, her former mentor and lover.Gotou reassembles his former Patlabor team, spearheaded by pilot Noa Izumi. Leading the team into a mission to arrest Tsuge, Nagumo must come to terms with her complicated past relationships in order to save Japan.
 The Babylon Project is a massive renovation of Tokyo's neighborhoods, including the creation of artificial islands in the Bay. Utilizing "Labors," or robots created for the express purpose of doing work, architects and construction crews are able to more efficiently progress development of the overhaul. When a key figure in the Project's conception is found dead after committing suicide under mysterious circumstances, Captain Kiichi Gotou's Patlabor police unit is tasked with getting to the bottom of the bizarre situation.As several Labors begin to go haywire and a hacked AI program endangers the people of Tokyo, young pilot Noa Izumi and her Patlabor Alphonse work under Gotou's orders to save the city and the entire nation from a massive biblical conspiracy.
 Special Vehicles Division 2 is back on duty, along with their Ingram Patrol Labor (Patlabor) robots. Using their courage as well as the Ingrams, Captain Goto's motley crew of officers battle crime in Tokyo city. They also deal with their personal lives, as well as the supernatural.
 In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots ("labors") for use in a variety of functions
 Akito doesn't want to fight. Despite a childhood spent on the anime Gekiganger 3, a Mecha show, he'd rather cook than pilot a Mecha. Fate intervenes when his home on Mars is destroyed, and he is transported instantly to the Earth, mysteriously. He has questions no one can answer fully, but follows a girl from a chance meeting in hopes to discover any. The girl, Yurika, is captain of the private battleship Nadesico, and in order to follow her, he enlists as their cook. Possessing the nanite implants that allow to control mechas, he's a handy backup pilot for the mechas of the Nadesico. He joins a crew bent on avenging Mars that seems to be composed of only misfits, otakus, and ditzes; however, in reality, they are handpicked experts. They take their own private war back to Mars to face the harsh reality that life may not always be like a Giant Mecha series.
 Akito doesn't want to fight. Despite a childhood spent on the anime Gekiganger 3, a Mecha show, he'd rather cook than pilot a Mecha. Fate intervenes when his home on Mars is destroyed, and he is transported instantly to the Earth, mysteriously. He has questions no one can answer fully, but follows a girl from a chance meeting in hopes to discover any. The girl, Yurika, is captain of the private battleship Nadesico, and in order to follow her, he enlists as their cook. Possessing the nanite implants that allow to control mechas, he's a handy backup pilot for the mechas of the Nadesico. He joins a crew bent on revenging Mars and composed of misfits, otakus, and ditzes. But in reality they are handpicked experts. They take their own private war back to Mars to face the harsh reality that life may not always be like a Giant Mecha Series.
 Two years have passed since the end of the "Martian Successor Nadesico." Akito and Yurika have disappeared. The Jovians and the Earthlings have joined forces and Ruri is now captain of Nadesico B. As the popularity of Boson Jumping grows, a vast transportation network has been developed. Dubbed the Hisago Plan, this network of Chulip portals holds the answers to the mysteries behind Bose particles and their power. If those secrets should fall into the wrong hands, it could mean big trouble. And big trouble there is. A Martian splinter group has launched an offensive, leaving the United Forces befuddled and desperate. So much so, in fact, that the former crew of the Nadesico is called back to active duty for a special unsanctioned mission-to save us all. Does this menagerie of misfits have what it takes? Who will win the race for the Boson technology? And what the heck happened to Akito and Yurika?
 The tragic story of Char Aznable, the ace pilot known as the Red Comet, and his sister Sayla Mass unfolds against the backdrop of the events leading to the One Year War. The Zabi family's rise to power, the birth of the Principality of Zeon, the early days of famous aces such as Ramba Ral and the Black Tri-Stars, the development of the revolutionary new weapon known as the mobile suit, and the road to war against the Earth Federation are all depicted onscreen for the first time
 The tragic story of Char Aznable, the ace pilot known as the Red Comet, and his sister Sayla Mass unfolds against the backdrop of the events leading to the One Year War. The Zabi family's rise to power, the birth of the Principality of Zeon, the early days of famous aces such as Ramba Ral and the Black Tri-Stars, the development of the revolutionary new weapon known as the mobile suit, and the road to war against the Earth Federation are all depicted onscreen for the first time.
 Set in the Meiji era, Kidou Shinsengumi Moeyo Ken tells the story of Kondou Yuuko, Hijikata Toshie and Okita Kaoru. These three are the daughters of former Shinsengumi members and, in the same fashion as their fathers were, they get called upon to protect Japan from its current problems. Much of their work deals with vanquishing the mysterious paranormal phenomena springing up ever more frequently in the Kyoto area and defending the city from any other dangers that may arise.
 Set in an alternate version of the Meiji Era, a boy named Sakamoto Ryunosuke returns to Kyoto from Shanghai with his monster (youkai) Nekomaru. The law states that in order to live freely with humans, a youkai must be liscensed. The Kidou Shinsengumi Co. Ltd. is responsible for the capture of unliscensed youkais but must fight with the Tsubamegumi, who resents the new law. It turns out that Ryunosuke is the son of the owner of the Shinsengumis.
 In this story by director Hisashi Saito (Bamboo Blade), a hyper girl named Azuki Edomae and her friends Mutsumi Mutsuki and Serika Shihoudou protect the peaceful order of a town by transforming into Kigurumikku-Swan, Kigurumikku-Falcon, and Kigurumikku-Swallow, respectively, via cosplay outfits. "Kigurumi" is a type of cosplay that essentially turns a wearer into a giant plush toy or doll.
 This is the visual diary of Kiitarou's experience with youkai. He's a boy with a very strong spirit sense, but when he entered a forbidden storehouse, he was kicked out of his home. He soon found a new place to live, where he met a zashiki warashi (house spirit) named Suzu. He and Suzu soon began to attract all kinds of spirit creatures, starting with a nurikabe (appears as a wall that impedes travelers) and mokumokuren (appears as eyes in a torn paper wall). What kind of folkloric creature will he meet next?
 An unaired episode 13 of Kiitarou Shounen no Youkai Enikki included on the DVD/BD release. Kiitarou runs into typical ecchi manga tropes due to Lucky Eros albeit he doesn't feel "lucky" and tries to avoid everything happening between him and the female youkai.
 In the Edo period, there was a shrine maiden called "Itsukihime" in the mountain village of Kadono. Jinta, a young man who acts as the shrine maiden's guardian despite being a stranger, encounters a mysterious demon who speaks of the far future in the forest where he went to defeat it. From Edo to the Heisei era, this huge Japanese fantasy series follows a demon man who travels through time while continuously questioning the meaning of wielding a sword.
 Ever since the fall of the DARK organization, Jiro has been wandering everywhere and wondering if he would ever see Mitsuko again or not. During his journey Jiro meets a beautiful girl named Rieko who is protecting Akira, a little boy from the evil Professor Gill. Ironicly, he's the son of Professor Gill, but he is also the key to Gill’s menacing secret weapon and his plans to conquer the world.(Source
 The world is on the brink of destruction after a devastating ten-year war in the "shadow labyrinth." Desir Herrman is one of the last skilled magicians left standing, but even he is no match for the formidable foe threatening humanity's very existence. Just when he's certain the end has come, he is sent back in time to his early days of studying magic at the prestigious Hebrion Academy! With this rare second chance, Desir is determined to save not only himself but also the friends and comrades he once lost. Armed with the knowledge of what their future holds, can his efforts make a difference, or are they all doomed to relive the same terrible destiny? Based on the hit novel.
 Kiki and Lala try to help a lost Pegasus get home. Pegasus keeps getting on Kiki's nerves with his foolishness and the journey becomes increasingly difficult.
 In this episode, Kiki and Lala are learning about stars and constellations, and even meeting the Queen of Stars herself.
 Lala finds a myserious egg that hatches into a baby dragon who they name Will. She and Kiki try to bring him up but Will grows far too big too fast and uses his dragon instincts which cause a lot of destruction.
 Kiki and Lala are preparing for Hoshi Matsuri and dreaming of all the fun things they can wish for themselves if they spot a falling star.
 This is one of the happiest days for Kiki and Lala as they receive a present sent to them by their parents.
 Kiki is thirteen years old, right at the age when a young witch in training is supposed to travel to another city and strike out for herself. It's a real test of responsibility and independence, and if Kiki can handle it for a year, she'll be ready to undergo the rest of her education.So, with only a little money, her pet cat/confidante Jiji, and her mother's broom, Kiki makes her way to a big city by the sea, where witches haven't been seen for years and the demand for them isn't exactly great. Being resourceful, Kiki starts the kind of business most suitable for a witch who can fly on a broom
 Mecha series based on Takara's videogames.
 Set in a far flung medieval-looking world of Arst, Prince Jordy Volder takes up the fight against the ambitions of the conqueror Marder. Jordy uses the legendary giant robot "panzer" Galient, which is one of many panzers that have been preserved underground for thousands of years. Using an army of advanced robot panzers, Marder is conquering all of Arst in preparation of his plan for dominance of the Crescent Galaxy.
 In the original storyline as aired in Japan, Dairugger XV was simply an exploration robot, as well as an intended peace-keeping force. The Earth is in a time of prosperity. The president of the Terran League (the "Galaxy Alliance" in Voltron) launches a mission to explore beyond the galaxy. After commencing its mission of exploration, the starship Rugger-Guard is attacked by a ship of the Galbeston Empire. Dairugger, the super robot, is deployed in order to defend the Earth. It is somewhat by fate that they must help the people of Galbeston find a new planet before it explodes, and liberate it from its despotic Emperor. In the Japanese version, it does not have anything to do with King of the Beasts GoLion, as opposed to the U.S. version, Voltron
 Twenty years into the future, a city now called "Tokyo" has developed into one of the few world-class high-tech centers, "Tokyo City." The main character, Ken Kanzaki, is a young investigator assigned to the criminal investigation section of the Metropolital Police. He is one of the finest sharp shooters in the Police.One day, Ken is ordered to provide security for a party held by for "Zaizen Konzern," a world-class plutocracy.All of a sudden, spector robots appear and distrupt the party. Zaizen, a commander-in-chief, is killed and both Ken and Jun. Zaizen's son,are fatally injured by the robots. Two of the party's guests, an auto-racer, Ryo Aguri,and a wresler, Go Goda, also receive serious injuries. Three severely injured young men are operated upon by scientists from the Metropolitan Police. Several days later, a robot corp led by a mysterious organization called "Ido" appears in the floating-town of the Tokyo Bay. But the Police and the Army have no effective strategies to contain them.At that moment, three young men attired in mechanical suits enter. They are the very three young men, Ken, Ryo and Go, who have been turned into the cyborg investigators through the operation. They call themselves "Armored Police Metal Jacks". "Metal Jacks," dazzlingly switching from "Jack Suits" to "Jack Armors," completely demolish the robot corp and achieve victory, thus signals the beginning of the battle between the high-tech criminals and "Metal Jacks" with a futuristic "Tokyo City" in the background.
 As the sole survivor from a squad that was sacrificed and hung out as scapegoats for embezzlement of military resources at the end of the 100 years war, Mellowlink Arity is out for revenge.Carrying the dogtags of his deceased comrades and armed with a dated anti AT rifle, he swears to hunt down and exact revenge on the corrupt officers that betrayed his squad, and maybe even uncover the truth behind the plot as well.
 A.D. 2087 - the United Lunar Empire Giganos wages war on the Earth Federation Military to take control of the planet and establish a "rebirth" of the human race. During an invasion of a colony by Giganos' forces, three civilian men stumble upon a trio of top-secret Metal Armor units called "Dragonars" and pilot them to combat the enemy forces.
 When the secret occult society, Shiromorishuua, sends a huge monster to attack Tokyo, ASY, a peace-keeping organization in Japan, retaliates with a Gousen (metal faery). ASY's Gousen annihilates the creature after driving it into open ocean. Although successful, a surprise attack follows. A girl, floating in midair and glowing with radiance, strikes with a beam of light. This girl is "Rouran." She knows neither her identity, her origins, nor why whenever she senses the Gousen or Kyoushi (reanimated corpses) she transforms into an avenging angel. As Rouran worries about her mysterious existence, Tetsuya kindly watches over her in Tokyo Arcadia, a settlement of expatriates and dissidents.
 Without warning in the year 2050, an alien race known only as the Inbit arrive, invade and successfully conquer the Earth. Years later and despite brutal past failures, the inhabitants of Mars Colony send out yet another desperate Liberation Force to try and reclaim their lost home world. The fleet is all but destroyed. However, a lone survivor, Stig Bernard, finds himself on Earth. Gathering a mere handful of resistance fighters, Stig journeys on towards the Inbit's headquarters at Reflex Point in an attempt to gather intelligence and, possibly, discover a way to beat them.
 Enma is a character created by the genius manga artist Go Nagai. Now, the popular character makes his appearance in an alluring Japanese horror anime for adults. It's a hair-raising erotic suspense in which Enma takes on complicated and gruesome incidents caused by demons who lurk in the darkness. But humans have lit up the darkness of the night with neon lights and turned their world into one that never sleeps, so demons now lurk in the "darkness of the human heart." Unfulfilled hearts, suppressed hearts, despair,...such darkness of the heart is the place they lurk.Enma is the Demon Prince of the Underworld, a demon "Born of Fire." His mission is to take back or destroy demons that have escaped to the human world from the Underworld. Along with his partner, Princess Yukihime, "Born of Ice," and the monster, Kapaeru, Enma sets up "Enma's Detective Agency." Tonight, like any other night, they will roam the sleepless city. Horrific incidents that could not possibly be human acts occur one after another. The stench of evil lingers at the scene... Enma's fire rips through the darkness!
 "Kiku-chan to Okami" is an adaptation of "Grave of the Fireflies" author Akiyuki Nosaka’s short story "Toshi-Oi Mesu-Okami to Onna no Ko no Hanashi" (The Story of the Old Mother Wolf and the Girl), which follows a girl and the wolf in the fields of WWII Manchuria who watches over her like a mother.
 In a high school where students possess uniforms that give them various powers and abilities, student council president Kiryuuin Satsuki rules by force. However, a transfer student named Matoi Ryuuko stands in her way, wielding a scissor sword and a possessed school uniform.
 A 25th unaired episode of Trigger's TV anime series Kill la Kill will be bundled with the 9th volume of the Blu-ray and DVD release. It will be about the graduation ceremony from Honnouji Academy.
 Kill Me Baby is the touching story of Yasuna, a normal (?) high school girl, and Sonya, her best friend who happens to be an assassin. Unfortunately, little Sonya's trained assassin instincts often work against her and others in her daily high school life, as Yasuna's often-broken wrist can attest to. She just wanted a hug, but she ended up with a broken neck. Isn't it sad? No, it's hilarious.Not even Yasuna's intense ninja training can prepare her for the exciting adventures in this explosive 4-panel manga adaptation.
 Bundled with the franchise’s Kill Me Baby Super Best Album CD (?????????????). OAD adapted eight previously unanimated story episodes from Kazuho’s original manga.
 People have been created that are human-animal hybrids, and powerful businesses bet on the outcome of their duels. College student Nomoto Yuuya's casual acquaintances ask him to drive them around to pick up girls one day, which he soon finds out means by force. The girl they kidnap is an animal-human hybrid named Hitomi, who slaughters all of them except Yuuya. Hitomi is a honey badger, which has been called the most fearless of all animals. Now Hitomi is assigned to stay with Yuuya, for his protection!
 At a glance, Kimagure Orange Road is your basic high-school romantic comedy. The romance and drama center around a love triangle. The main character, Kasuga has a few telekinetic powers which are often used for comedic effect. He is also quite indecisive. The other main characters are Madoka and Hikaru. Most of the time, Madoka acts like a tough girl who can do anything and Hikaru demonstrates extreme cheerfulness. The stories generally follow Kasuga in his relationship with Madoka and Hikaru.
 At a glance, Kimagure Orange Road is your basic high-school romantic comedy. The romance and drama center around a love triangle. The main character, Kasuga has a few telekinetic powers which are often used for comedic effect. He is also quite indecisive. The other main characters are Madoka and Hikaru. Most of the time, Madoka acts like a tough girl who can do anything and Hikaru demonstrates extreme cheerfulness. The stories generally follow Kasuga in his relationship with Madoka and Hikaru.
 After the TV-series of Kimagure Orange Road, Kyousuke and Madoka have finally arrived at the point where they are close to graduation and have to decide where they want to go to college. Naturally, they want to go together, so beside all the studying they also have to look for a proper college where they can enter both.Hikaru, still a year from graduating, wants to support Kyousuke as well and does that in her own way. But while she does that, Madoka feels jealous and tells her feelings to Kyousuke.And then Kyousuke has to take action to finally decide on the girl he loves... thus concluding the story of the Kimagure Orange Road.
 This is the story about a white lion, Leo, living in Africa.
 Osamu and Jay are two cereal salesmen traveling for work when they encounter a barricade. Curious as to what is going on, they step out of their car and enter into a government secret. Two mysterious demon-like men have been terrorizing the military, who came to respond to a car crash involving a vehicle carrying government research material. Inside the car wreckage, Osamu finds a beautiful hermaphrodite with gold and crimson eyes trapped in a frozen chamber. Osamu shares a kiss with them through the glass before he is forced to flee the scene.Osamu and Jay interrogate Jay's father, a top researcher at a government laboratory, who reveals that what Osamu and Jay saw was top-secret, and they would likely be sitting in prison if it weren't for his influence. While Jay is ready to forget everything that happened, Osamu cannot let it go that easily. After stealing a security badge, Osamu finds where the person he kissed is being kept, and learns that their name is Kimera. Osamu wants to run away with the beautiful Kimera, though he does not know why Kimera is being held captive or what a relationship with them means for the future of humanity.
 These specials were originally shown at the Kimetsu no Utage live event which was held on October 20th 2019 in Tokyo. The cast members present at the event did a live dubbing of the characters.
 Valentine's Day special for Kimetsu no Yaiba. The first three episodes will be released on Aniplex's official YouTube channel, while the fourth and final episode will be streamed during the Kimetsu Matsuri Online
 Since ancient times, rumors have abounded of man-eating demons lurking in the woods. Because of this, the local townsfolk never venture outside at night. Legend has it that a demon slayer also roams the night, hunting down these bloodthirsty demons. For young Tanjirou, these rumors will soon to become his harsh reality...Ever since the death of his father, Tanjirou has taken it upon himself to support his family. Although their lives may be hardened by tragedy, they've found happiness. But that ephemeral warmth is shattered one day when Tanjirou finds his family slaughtered and the lone survivor, his sister Nezuko, turned into a demon. To his surprise, however, Nezuko still shows signs of human emotion and thought...Thus begins Tanjirou's quest to fight demons and turn his sister human again.
 Tanjirou Kamado and his friends from the Demon Slayer Corps accompany Kyoujurou Rengoku, the Flame Hashira, to investigate a mysterious series of disappearances occurring inside a train. Little do they know that Enmu, one of the Twelve Kizuki, is also on board and has prepared a trap for them.
 After a string of mysterious disappearances begin to plague a train, the Demon Slayer Corps' multiple attempts to remedy the problem prove fruitless. To prevent further casualties, the flame pillar, Kyoujurou Rengoku, takes it upon himself to eliminate the threat. Accompanying him are some of the Corps' most promising new blood






 Swordsmith Village Arc of Kimetsu no Yaiba.
 TV version of Kimetsu no Yaiba Movie
 A mysterious string of disappearances on a certain train has caught the attention of the Demon Slayer Corps, and they have sent one of their best to exterminate what can only be a demon responsible. However, the plan to board the Mugen Train is delayed by a lesser demon who is terrorizing the mechanics and targeting a kind, elderly woman and her granddaughter. Kyoujurou Rengoku, the Flame Pillar, must eliminate the threat before boarding the train.Sent to assist the Pillar, Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashibira, and Zenitsu Agatsuma enter the train prepared to fight. But their monstrous target already has a devious plan in store for them and the two hundred passengers
 After visiting the Rengoku residence, Tanjirou and his comrades volunteer for a mission within the Entertainment District, a place where desires are sold and demons dwell. They journey alongside the flashy Sound Hashira, Tengen Uzui, in search of a monstrous foe terrorizing the town. Sworn to slay creatures of the night, the hunt continues.
 After visiting the Rengoku residence, Tanjirou and his comrades volunteer for a mission within the Entertainment District, a place where desires are sold and demons dwell. They journey alongside the flashy Sound Hashira, Tengen Uzui, in search of a monstrous foe terrorizing the town. Sworn to slay creatures of the night, the hunt continues.
 The story revolves around five boys who each possess a trait that have negative effects on them. The handsome boys owe a monetary debt to Sakiko Horinomiya, a girl from a rich family. Wanting the money back, she makes them enter the "Motemen Koshien" contest, so they can pay her back using the prize money.
 At first, Narumi Takayuki is befriended by Hayase Mitsuki only because Mitsuki's best friend, Suzumiya Haruka has a crush on him; however since then, Takayuki, his pal Taira Shinji, and Mitsuki have grown to be the best of friends. Then one day, Haruka confesses to Takayuki her love for him.Not wanting to hurt her feelings, Takayuki agrees to go out with her. After a few incidents, their relationship gets intimate, even while Takayuki and Mitsuki begin to realize their feelings for each other. But suddenly, when tragedy strikes, things are never the same for these four friends again.
 At first, Takayuki Narumi is befriended by Mitsuki Hayase only because Mitsuki's best friend, Haruka Suzumiya has a crush on him; however since then, Takayuki, his pal Shinji Taira, and Mitsuki have grown to be the best of friends. Then one day, Haruka confesses to Takayuki her love for him. Not wanting to hurt her feelings, Takayuki agrees to go out with her. After a few incidents, their relationship gets intimate, even while Takayuki and Mitsuki begin to realize their feelings for each other. But suddenly, when tragedy strikes, things are never the same for these four friends again.
 A spin-off show from Kimi ga Nozomu Eien. It's about the daily adventures of Ayu and Mayu, the two waitresses from Sky Temple.
 After Haruka Suzumiya got out from the hospital from her three years of coma. She moved back to with her parents and continued to date Takayuki Narumi. She wanted to see her old friend Mitsuki Hayase who Takayuki Narumi dated while she was in coma.
 The continuation of the first season. Sawako Kuronuma and her friends have just begun their second year of high school and they are in the same class together again. To make matters more interesting a male student newly transferred into their class is seated right next to Kuronuma and has taken an interest in her. What hurdles will Sawako and Kazehaya face next?
 "Please. I hope Kase-san likes me..."Yamada is a shy second-year high school girl who is a member of the greenery committee. Kase from the class next to hers is a beautiful girl who is the ace of the school's track team. As a result of the morning glories planted by Yamada, the distance between the two people who have never exchanged words shrinks little by little.(Source
 "Please. I hope Kase-san likes me..."Yamada is a shy second-year high school girl who is a member of the greenery committee. Kase from the class next to hers is a beautiful girl who is the ace of the school's track team. As a result of the morning glories planted by Yamada, the distance between the two people who have never exchanged words shrinks little by little.
 * Based on a manga by Seo Kouji, serialised in Weekly Shounen Magazine.Eba Yuzuki had mysteriously decided to go to high school in the countryside and despite Kirishima Haruto's objections, began living in his home. Following a string of incidents and romantic mishaps, also involving Kanzaki Nanami, Haruto's first love, he was finally able to confess his love to Eba before she moved back to Tokyo and they began a long-distance relationship. But then one day, Eba stops all contact to Haruto.Thus Kirishima Haruto moves from the countryside in Hiroshima to the city of Tokyo, under the pretence to pursue a career as a cook. In reality he seeks to come close to Eba, his supposed true love, who he deems to be in trouble. Finally in Tokyo he soon makes friends with Mishima Asuka, a neighbour of his sister, who at first mistakes him for a burglar. Following another string of mishaps his initial determination begins to wane. Is Eba really his true love or is Asuka the one for him?
 The limited edition of the 26th manga volume included an anime adaptation of the popular special flashback chapter Uchi ga Kita Machi. (The original chapter was published in the manga's ninth volume.) The story reveals how Haruto, Akari, and Takashi first met during childhood, and serves as a prologue to the television anime.The 27th limited-edition manga volume included a special anime episode produced in full cooperation with Seo Kouji.
 The story focuses on high school girl Nagisa Yukiai who lives in a seaside town. She has believed her grandmother's story that spirits dwell in words and they are called "kotodama" (word spirit). One day, she strays into a mini FM station that has not been used for years. As an impulse of the moment, she tries to talk like a DJ using the facility. But her voice accidentally broadcasted reaches someone she has never expected.
 Soka city's 60th anniversary commemorative animation.Souta was born in Soka but has worked and lived in Tokyo until recently. He's engaged to Miki and decides to return to Soka to look for a new home where the two will live together. While house hunting, he encounters a mysterious bird and begins to chase after it. He then meets a woman named Akiko who time-slipped to the future. Souta shows her around the city and she reflects on how much has changed and her future as she too is engaged.
 The story is set one month after a comet has fallen for the first time in a thousand years in Japan. Mitsuha, a high school girl living in the countryside, wants to live in the city because she is tired of life in the country. Then, there's Taki. He's a high school student living in Tokyo with his friends while working as a part-timer at an Italian restaurant. He also has a strong interest in fine arts involving architecture. One day, Mitsuha dreams of herself as a young man. On the other hand, Taki also has a dream where he is a female student attending high school in the countryside. What's the secret behind their dreams?
 Spring time in April and the last of the cherry blossoms are still in bloom. The usually aloof bookworm with no interest in others comes across a book in a hospital waiting room. Handwritten on the cover are the words
 The aloof protagonist
 The story revolves around four teens - the good-looking twins Asaba Yuuta and Yuuki, the effeminate Matsuoka Shun, and the class head Tsukahara Kaname - who have known each other since early childhood. While they are not necessarily good or bad friends, they continue to hang out well into high school. The half-Japanese transfer student Tachibana Chizuru joins the circle of friends in this comedy about the everyday life of adolescence.
 Yuuta, Yuuki, Shun, Kaname and Chizuru continue being friends as they become 3rd years in high school. Their everyday life is full of misadventure in both school and love.
 Sequel of Kimi to Boku no Saigo no Senjou, Aruiwa Sekai ga Hajimaru Seisen.
 The story centers on the relationship between Hinako, who has moved to a coastal town upon entering university and Minato, a young firefighter with a strong sense of justice. Hinako loves surfing and while fearless on the sea, she's still uncertain about her future. Following a fire mishap in the town, Hinako and Minato encounter each other. As they spend more time surfing together, Hinako feels drawn to Minato, who dedicates himself to help others.
 It all started with the death of one of the Astronomy Club's members. From this, the rumored ghost of the club came to life.Grumpy insomniac Ganta Nakami stumbles across the moderately rebellious yet easygoing Isaki Magari in the Astronomy Club's abandoned observatory. Magari is jolted awake and tries to escape from the scene, only to have a broken door prevent that, forcing the two inside. The two forge an unlikely friendship, leading them to use the observatory as a safe space for them to interact.Kimi wa Houkago Insomnia follows the insomniacs Nakami and Magari's time in the starlit observatory as they help each other cope with insomnia and the lasting effects it has on student life.
 Mio has feelings for her childhood friend Arata, but can't convey her feelings. One day, as they continue their delicate relationship, the two fight over something trivial. After letting tensions settle, Mio goes to make up with him in the pouring rain. While on her way, she gets into a traffic accident. When she regains consciousness, a mysterious and unfamiliar world appears before her eyes.
 A world where it has been established that people routinely swing between slightly different parallel worlds...Koyomi Hidaka, who lives with his father following his parents' divorce, meets a girl named Shiori Satou at the research institute where his father works. They both have a little crush on each other, but everything changes when their parents remarry. Koyomi and Shiori, convinced that they will never be together, try to jump into another world where they won't be step-siblings... There's no meaning in a world without her.
 Sanada Kouichi's childhood friend Mizusawa Mao has returned after living in France for a couple of years. He is surprised to learn that, since her parents are remaining overseas for the time being, his mother has agreed to let Mao stay with them. Although he has always simply thought of her as a friend, he must now deal with his awakening feelings for her, as well as the feelings he has for his high school crush, Hoshino Yumi.
 Miyazaki derived the film's title from writer Genzaburou Yoshino's 1937 masterpiece of the same name. He added that this book is a story that has great meaning to the protagonist of his film. Yoshino's book centers around a man named Koperu and his uncle, and through Koperu's spiritual growth, it discusses how to live as human beings.
 Once upon a time, there were two rival kingdoms that did not get along. Every day, they argued over insignificant matters. When a dispute over removing dog waste ultimately turned into a war, God swiftly intervened and directed the two nation's leaders to exchange the most beautiful girl and the most intelligent young man for bride and bridegroom, respectively.Saara, the princess of country A, meets the prince of country B, Naranbayar. As they pretend to be a married couple to protect the peace between the countries, they find themselves gradually falling in love.
 Following the intraschool competition at Seiso Academy, budding music student Kahoko meets brusque boy Eto, the new school board director Akihiko Kira, and the mysterious transfer student Aoi Kaji.
 Kindaichi Hajime may look dumb, but he is one of the smartest detectives that you will ever see. He encounters mysteries after mysteries with his good friend, Miyuki, and he swears to solve them in the name of his grandfather, who was a great detective.
 Invited for a anniversary celebration, Kindaichi, Miyuki and inspector Kenmochi re-visit the Opera House. There they discover that a play of "The Phantom of the Opera" is being rehearsed again. However, it doesn't take long when members of the acting troupe are killed by the "Phantom". Kindaichi will once again have to solve a murder series in the Opera House.
 No synopsis has been added for this series yet.
 Kindaichi and the gang are on their way to a hot spring, but get lost and end up at a run down and sinister hotel. They are told that a vampire used to live in the hotel way back. Someone even died (was found with bite marks on the neck).Six years ago a girl was found in the cellar with bite marks on her neck, and the villagers killed her. When one of the guests is killed and Miyuki is attacked by a creature with fangs, it would seem like the vampire is still there...
 Jing, a bright-eyed youth is often underestimated, when in fact he is a very skilled master thief. On his travels from town to town he is accompanied by his trusted womanising bird-companion Kir, who can transform into a lethal weapon, the Kir Royale, when the need arises.It is said that there is nothing that Jing cannot steal, and his legendary exploits have earned him the name Bandit King. Strangely enough no one recognises Jing's face though...Why does Postino always suddenly show up on his motorcycle with pertinent information? And to what amazing treasures will Jing's journey lead?
 Jing may appear to be a young boy, but his remarkable skills make him one of the most feared thieves on the planet. Along with his feathered partner Kir, Jing travels from town to town, stealing anything of value regardless of the amount of security. But when he's in a pinch, he has one more trick up his sleeve
 The four episodes are set in Southtown, the imaginary city well known to all fans as the stage of numerous death matches throughout the KOF series. Many past heroes of the saga make their appearance here, and the four plots intertwine to create a large-scale drama, that is also linked to the story of KOF Maximum Impact 2.
 The four episodes are set in Southtown, the imaginary city well known to all fans as the stage of numerous death matches throughout the KOF series. Many past heroes of the saga make their appearance here, and the four plots intertwine to create a large-scale drama, that is also linked to the story of KOF Maximum Impact 2.
 The unit Over The Rainbow succeeds in its debut. Aiming to become like the boy band, more students enroll in Edel Rose. Hiro and the others begin practice for the Prism King Cup, an event that is held once every four years. However, a rival called "Schwarz Rose" appears... Who will become the Prism King, the one who can make girls' hearts throb the most!?

 TV version of the King of Prism -Shiny Seven Stars- movies.
 The second movie in the four-part King of Prism

 A mysterious virus, nicknamed Medusa, is spreading around the world, turning its victims into stone. Given the impossibility of finding an immediate cure, a corporation offers to cryo-preserve a select group of patients until they come up with a solution. Kasumi, one of the chosen ones, wakes up after being asleep for an unknown period of time and her awakening, not a bed of roses, is a bed of thorns, and happens in the midst of total chaos where monstrous creatures lie in wait all around.
 "Medusa," a deadly virus becomes a worldwide epidemic. In order to escape from this deadly virus, a handful of people are chosen to be put into a cold sleep, laying in a capsule hoping for the future cure. Kasumi, a teenage girl is one of the 160 chosen for this procedure, and is guided to a Cold Sleep Capsule Center (CSCC) inside an ancient castle. Understanding that it is hardly possible, Kasumi goes to sleep still anticipating for a reunion with her twin sister Shizuku, who also is infected with the virus. As Kasumi and the others awake, they notice that the CSCC is not as they remembered. Just like the story of "Sleeping Beauty," the castle is covered with thorn, and the awaken are attacked by unknown creatures and monsters! How long were they asleep? Where did the monsters come from? What has happened to the world?Abandoned in the midst of an enigma, the escapade of the seven survivors begins...(Source
 It's been 100 years since King Kyle buried Ang Mundo. Now in a time of peace, the apprentice knight Kasel enjoys his life without worry. His fate begins to change, however, with news of demon appearances infesting the neighborhood. Guided by a wise man, Kasel finds friends he can rely on and sets off on his mission to seek a holy sword, capable of slaying his newfound enemies.
 During the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China, in the western state of Qin, lives two boys, Shin (Xin) and Hyou (Piao), orphaned by war. They spend their days in strenuous training with the goal of one day being great military commanders. The turning point in their lives occurs when Hyou catches the eye of Minister Shou Bunkun (Changwenjun), who gives him the opportunity to serve in the imperial palace.However, a power struggle occurs shortly thereafter. Hyou is gravely wounded and barely escapes with his life to return home. He entrusts a map into the care of Shin. Following its direction, Shin encounters Sei (Zheng), the young king of Qin, who would in later life be known as Shikoutei (ShiHuangDi).
 In the Warring States Period of ancient China (475-221 BCE), Shin and Hyou are war-orphans in the kingdom of Qin. They dream of one day proving themselves on the battlefield. One day, however, Hyou is taken to the palace by a minister. Winding up on the losing side of a power-struggle, Hyou manages to return to the village, barely alive. Shin then meets a boy who closely resembles Hyou, Ei Sei. For now he is the king of Qin; later he will become the emperor Shi Huangdi.
 It has been a year since Wang Qi (Ou Ki) has passed away. Xin (Shin) continues to fight as a 300-man Commander on the battlefield, while Ying Zheng (Ei Sei) faces an overwhelming enemy back at home. In the midst of the turmoil, the Qin army begins a powerful offensive against Wei, and meets with a very powerful enemy.
 It has been a year since the events of the first season. Xin (Shin) continues to fight as a 300-man Commander on the battlefield, while Ying Zheng (Ei Sei) faces an overwhelming enemy back at home. In the midst of the turmoil, the Qin army begins a powerful offensive against Wei, and meets with a very powerful enemy.
 A year after the devastating battle against the formidable Zhao, the State of Qin has returned its focus to pursuing King Ying Zheng's ambition of conquering the other six states and unifying China. Their next target is Wei, a smaller state which stands as a geographic stepping stone for the sake of conquest.Xin, now a three hundred man commander of the swiftly rising Fei Xin Unit, continues to seek out lofty achievements in order to garner recognition for himself and his soldiers, motivated by those previously lost in battle. In the preliminary battles ahead of Qin's invasion of Wei, Xin finds competition in other young commanders who are of a higher social status than him. Back in Qin, the royal palace faces turmoil as opposing factions begin to make their move against Ying Zheng's regime.With their hands full both abroad and at home, Zheng and Xin must lead the way in this era of unending war, resolved to etch their names in history by creating a unified China.
 Third season of Kingdom.
 Fourth season of Kingdom.
 Kingsglaive is set during the events of Final Fantasy XV.
 For years, the Niflheim Empire and the kingdom of Lucis have been at war. The empire, having dominated most of the world of Eos, covets the power of the last known Crystal, which is held in Lucis' capital city, Insomnia.In order to protect his people from these advancing forces, King Regis Lucis Caelum CXIII used the power of the Crystal to surround Insomnia with a magical wall. Along with this barrier, Regis assembled an elite military task force known as the Kingsglaive. By drawing their power from the king, the Kingsglaive protect Lucis' borders from the onslaught of the empire and other forces that would do them harm.One such member of the Kingsglaive is Nyx, a man nicknamed "The Hero" by his fellow warriors due to his arrogance and desire to save everyone. However, his pride gets the better of him, causing him to disobey his captain's orders, resulting in a demotion. Now, Nyx spends his days guarding the city gates, but things begin to change once word gets out that Regis plans to sign a peace treaty with their sworn enemies.
 The show starts with the tale of Chitose Fujinomiya, a girl who goes from riches to rags and back and remains a snob despite it all. When her wealthy father dies, remaining debts leave Chitose almost broke, and she is kicked out of the affluent Tokai no Gakuen, or City Academy. She is left with nothing in the world but the clothes on her back and one pink goldfish named Gyopi-chan, the only memento she has of her father. Wandering lost, she collapses on the grounds of the poor-but-happy Inaka no Chugakko (Country Jr. High School), where the students are rough if friendly, and farm animals regularly roam the school grounds and even attend class. Recovering, she enters into the school but is repelled by its air of poverty, to which she is unaccustomed.
 The story begins with Oomiya Shinobu, a 15-year-old, seemingly pure Japanese girl who actually did a homestay in Great Britain. Even after coming back to Japan, she still misses her time overseas. One day, an airmail letter arrives from Alice, the girl in Shinobu’s host family in Great Britain. The letter reads
 The episode is set during a school festival where Shinobu is assigned to write a script and make outfits for her class play. Youko and Alice notice that Shinobu is sleepy every morning and are worried that she might be getting tired of all the work. Will Shinobu be able to successfully complete all her tasks in time?
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Following the intraschool competition at Seiso Academy, budding music student Kahoko meets brusque boy Eto, the new school board director Akihiko Kira, and the mysterious transfer student Aoi Kaji.
 Soon after transferring to Seisou Gakuin, Kanade finds the orchestra club in the middle of preparing for the National concur. Teaming up with the other members, she will improve her skills, meet new rivals and create memories for what will become an unforgettable summer...
 A group of school children are invited to compete in the strongest man competition. As the first match is starting, the bored organizer announces that all matches will now be to the death. None of the competitors have a problem with the change. Who will survive and be crowned the strongest?
 Kinnikuman is a superhero... a bad one. The one day a person named Meat tells Kinnikuman that he is the prince of an alien planet. Kinnikuman must save the day numerous times fighting evil chiyojins and competing in tournaments to prove himself to his family and to gain respect and money.
 Mari and Kinnikuman's Championship Belt are stolen by the Octopus Dragon and his minions. Now Kinnikuman and the other Justice Choujins must travel to Planet Metro and compete in a tournament in order to win them back.
 New Kinnikuman anime project to commemorate the anime's 40th anniversary
 Kid Muscle (or Mantaro for short) is a bumbling, gross, and wimpy sort-of person. Unfortunately, he has been summoned to protect the earth from the evil dMp, a band of cheating wrestlers from outer space. Luckily he's not undertaking this task alone. Kid Muscle must join the Muscle League, a group of wrestlers from outer space who are training themselves so they can defend the earth, and stop the dMp by achieving "Ultimate Muscle", a hidden power that makes Mantaro an almost unbeatable opponent.
 As the whole world watches the Choujin Rugby game on TV, the "Underground Space Emperor" Hydra King has his Underground Space Supermen kidnap Robin Mask. Their aim is to lure out the Seigi Choujins and then attack them using the Robin Memo, which contains info on all of the Seigi Choujin's weaknesses. Watching on TV all over the world, Kinnikuman and the Seigi Choujins get together and head for Planet Hydra.
 A TV Special first aired in 1984. It covers the Planet Rakka story arc and takes place after the 21st Choujin Olympics Arc. A young boy from Planet Rakka named Beansman asks Kinnikuman and the others to help save his planet from the Space Samurais led by Black King. The story was a parody of The Seven Samurai.
 Kinnikuman has proven himself worthy to be crowned the next king of Planet Kinniku. But at the ceremony, five other Kinnikuman's arrive, all claiming to be the true prince of Planet Kinniku. Now, a Royal Survivor Tournament is being held to decide the true successor to the throne, and with the help and support of his friends and with his recently acquired knowledge of the Ultimate Technique (The Muscle Spark), Kinnikuman fights for what is rightfully his.
 Ooabare! Seigi Choujin is a 1984 Japanese animated film. It is the second theatrical film based on the anime series Kinnikuman. It was released in Japan on December 22, 1984 alongside Dr. Slump and Arale-chan
 As the whole world watches the Choujin Rugby game on TV, the "Underground Space Emperor" Hydra King has his Underground Space Supermen kidnap Robin Mask. Their aim is to lure out the Seigi Choujins and then attack them using the Robin Memo, which contains info on all of the Seigi Choujin's weaknesses. Watching on TV all over the world, Kinnikuman and the Seigi Choujins get together and head for Planet Hydra.
 Composed in the form of a series of short stories, this is the story of the travels and observations of the human Kino and the talking motorbike Hermes. Kino and Hermes visit various fantastic countries - a country that can't coexist with others due to the development of telepathy; a country striving to make everything equal, whose residents are extremely united; and so on.Small ripples are formed in the everyday lives of the people living in the various countries by the appearances of the unusual Kino. These ripples gradually become a major influence, rattling the foundations of their normal lives.What will Kino and Hermes see in their travels? And what will be left in the hearts and minds of the people they encounter?
 Second Seaason of Kino no Tabi
 Second Seaason of Kino no Tabi
 Based on a hit light novel series by Keiichi Sigsawa, the philosophical Kino's Journey employs the time-honored motif of the road trip as a vehicle for self-discovery and universal truth. Deeply meditative and cooler than zero, the series follows the existential adventures of the apt marksman Kino along with talking motorcycle Hermes as they travel the world and learn much about themselves in the process. Imaginative, thought-provoking, and sometimes disturbing, Kino's journey is documented in an episodic style with an emphasis on atmosphere rather than action or plot, though still prevalent.
 During the civil war a girl living in Virginia, named Jeanie, waits for her old boyfriend Robert to marry him, according to a childish promise, but the war makes the things complicated and, Robert comes back as northerner soldier.Only with the conflict's end, and many misadventures, their dream will become true.EditBackground
 Royal Ortigia Magic Academy.Alto, on the verge of failing the summoning magic class and having to repeat the year, stumbles upon a grimoire and draws a magic circle, summoning the sealed demon Vermeil and making her his familiar. She has been a feared "devil" since ancient times and possesses tremendous power to cause disasters.Vermeil, as a familiar, necessitates magical energy on a daily basis, which she obtains from Alto via passionate kisses. Lilia, Alto's childhood friend, grows envious of their relationship, while the students are also taken aback by the unprecedented familiar. The royal road fantasy of a magician on the edge of failure and an unhealthy devil sister begins
 Alto Goldfilled, a diligent student at the Ortigia Academy of Magic, aspires to become a powerful sorcerer. But he is unable to become one as, despite his excellent grades and strong commitment to his studies, he fails his summoning class. With the threat of repeating a year hanging over his head, Alto tries following an old, worn-out grimoire in a desperate attempt to resolve his situation.To his surprise, he succeeds and summons a powerful demon named Vermeil. As a sign of gratitude for releasing her, Vermeil agrees to become Alto's familiar, sealing their relationship with a deep kiss. Little does Alto know what else he is capable of and what Vermeil's past hides.
 Based on the visual novel by Overdrive. The what-if story reunites the Second Literature Club Band members Kirari, Chie, Shikanosuke, and Sarina, several months after the concert in the d2b vs Deardrops ~Cross the Future~ fan disk.
 The new series will focus on a new protagonist named Haruka Hoshinogawa, and a Cocotama god born from her precious ribbon.
 A mysterious girl suddenly appears before Kirari, a timid grade school girl who rather doing nothing but draw. The mysterious girl drags Kirari into the outside world, and they draw various things for the first time together.

 Mysterious giant robot easily defeating many powerfull robots from many countries. Whole world is wondering what country made him. Aside from those battles in far little kingdom 3 princesses living. And one of them has constructed her precious friend.
 Tsukishima Kirari is a beautiful, 14-year-old girl whose only interest is food. This changes, however, after she encounters and falls in love with Hiwatari Seiji of SHIPS, a popular idol group. In order to be with him, she aspires to be an idol.With the help of SHIPS - the gentle Seiji and the bad-mouth Kazama Hiroto - as well as her cat mascot Naa-san, her family and her friends, Kirari pursues the world of idols, where she discovers that being popular is not all fun and games, and that in order to persevere in both her love and her career, she must endure and overcome many hardships and challenges.
 The Hoshi no Kirby animated series is based on the Kirby video games released by Nintendo in the 1990s, and is Kirby's very first anime.Kirby is a warrior who crash lands on planet Popstar, and ends up protecting its people from King Dedede.Note
 Chisato is a beautiful 35 year old writer (who looks like 18 really), father of Riju, a cute 15 year old boy. Chisato's hobby is to drive away all of Riju's friends because he thinks they want to corrupt his precious child. So he shows his good side to these boys while he poisons the cake he brings them with a smile. However, there is one guy, Shunsuke, who doesn't fall for the tricks. But is Shunsuke really aiming for Riju? Who is that mysterious writer Chisato loves so much? and why is Chisato convinced that Riju's friends want to take advantage of him?
 The 17-year-old Izumi Shinichi lives with his mother and father in a quiet neighborhood in Tokyo. One night, worm-like aliens called Parasytes invade Earth, taking over the brains of human hosts by entering through their ears or noses. One Parasytes attempts to crawl into Shinichi's ear while he sleeps, but fails since he is wearing headphones, and enters his body by burrowing into his arm instead, taking over his right hand and is named Migi.Because Shinichi was able to prevent Migi from travelling further up into his brain, both beings retain their separate intellect and personality. As the duo encounter other Parasytes, they capitalize on their strange situation and gradually form a strong bond, working together to survive. This gives them an edge in battling other Parasytes who frequently attack the pair upon realization that Shinichi's human brain is still intact. Shinichi feels compelled to fight other Parasytes, who devour humans as food, while enlisting Migi's help.
 All of a sudden, they arrived
 Rohan Kishibe accompanies Kyouka Izumi, a manga magazine editor, to a buy house at a village far off from civilization. They soon discover the village is home to a group of millionaires who had all mysteriously become rich at the age of 25. Rohan and Izumi enter one of the houses, only to realize that they are trapped by a mysterious power that won't let them progress unless they follow specific rules lest they suffer the consequences.
 Rohan Kishibe accompanies Kyouka Izumi, a manga magazine editor, to a buy house at a village far off from civilization. They soon discover the village is home to a group of millionaires who had all mysteriously become rich at the age of 25. Rohan and Izumi enter one of the houses, only to realize that they are trapped by a mysterious power that won't let them progress unless they follow specific rules lest they suffer the consequences.
 In ancient times, a great battle was waged between a master mage, Enno Ozuno, and an evil demon goddess, Karuma. Unfortunately, Enno didn't have the strength to defeat her alone and was forced to call upon Zenki, a powerful protector demon. After Karuma was defeated, Enno sealed Zenki away in a pillar located inside his temple.1,200 years after this epic battle, Enno's descendant, Chiaki, spends her days showing tourists around her hometown of Shikigami-cho and doing exorcisms to pay the bills. One day, two thieves enter the town in hopes of opening a seal in the Ozuno temple and releasing the hidden treasure from within. However, what actually pops out is a dark entity that attaches itself to the henchmen, transforming them into demonic beings. After this transformation, they begin a rampage through the temple, terrorizing poor Chiaki.It is now up to this young progeny to unleash her family's powers to summon Zenki and save Shikigami-cho from these demons, as well as the evil entities sure to follow in their footsteps.
 In ancient times, a great battle was waged between a master mage, Enno Ozuno, and an evil demon goddess, Karuma. Unfortunately, Enno didn't have the strength to defeat her alone and was forced to call upon Zenki, a powerful protector demon. After Karuma was defeated, Enno sealed Zenki away in a pillar located inside his temple.1,200 years after this epic battle, Enno's descendant, Chiaki, spends her days showing tourists around her hometown of Shikigami-cho and doing exorcisms to pay the bills. One day, two thieves enter the town in hopes of opening a seal in the Ozuno temple and releasing the hidden treasure from within. However, what actually pops out is a dark entity that attaches itself to the henchmen, transforming them into demonic beings. After this transformation, they begin a rampage through the temple, terrorizing poor Chiaki.It is now up to this young progeny to unleash her family's powers to summon Zenki and save Shikigami-cho from these demons, as well as the evil entities sure to follow in their footsteps.
 Lily Bridge, a young journalist, arrives at Arkham City, hoping to find a big scoop. However, with all the strange things occuring around the city, only the exceptional findings are news-worthy, such as the mysterious mecha known as Demonbane. However, upon finding a small piece of machinery that seemed to be connected with the Hadou Combine, Lily is determined to find the truth. Little does she know, she enters into a dark world, involving herself with Demonbane and the powerful forces that control the city.
 The human race has recovered from the cataclysmic disaster now known as the Equator Winter. Now, each country begins to battle one another with robots to establish the new world order. A 13-year-old boy and 14-year-old girl operate Japan's robot. Now begins their robot battle.
 The story takes place at Grigio Academy Boarding School where students come from two rivaling countries known as the "Black Dogs" and "White Cats". Persia and Inuzaka are leaders of their respective dorms but they are secretly in love with each other. Now, they must keep their relationship a secret from other dorm mates while trying to avoid trouble.
 A promotional animation for mint candies.
 In A.D. 2031, humans are enjoying a prosperous existence until strange life forms called Hardians appear. They suddenly begin to multiply and assault the human population. As a countermeasure, mankind organizes the N.I.D.F. to investigate the Hardians and protect themselves.A fighter pilot, Aiba Shuu, begins to become involved in the battle against the lifeforms. Rukina Yuno, one of Earth's foremost scientists, investigates the Hardians and hears rumors about the "Book of a Dead Man". What is the secret of this tome, and what relation does it have to the Hardians?Now, the fight for mankind's survival begins.
 The story begins with Suminoe Keita, a male third-year junior-high school student studying for his high school entrance exams. He is living in a home with his older twin stepsisters, Ako and Riko, who kiss, flash, and display their love for him in public. They help him prepare for his exams. Although they share no blood-relation to him, Keita begins to become romantically attracted to his two stepsisters and initially dislikes himself for it. Seeing this attraction, his two parents encourage him to eventually get married to one of them.
 Keita is living any junior high school boy's dream. He has two older twin sisters, who compete for his romantic love in many ecchi ways, like good morning tongue kisses and abundant panty flashing. Their parents openly support the sisters' feelings and advances, because they are step-siblings and not related by blood. In fact they even have a bet going as to which sister Keita will choose. And since the sisters and Keita attend the same high school, there are bound to be numerous misunderstandings.
 If a couple sees the diamond dust together, then they will certainly find eternal happiness. Or so it is said. This is a drama about the romances, friendships and conflicts of six girls from Hokkaido and how the diamond dust affects them and eventually links them together in the search for happiness.(Source
 When a friend asks Natsuki what high school club she’s going to join, she cheerfully responds “the go-home club” (meaning, she’s not going to join any of them). However, she soon realizes that this club actually exists at her high school, and she’s just expressed interest in joining it! Before she
 Unaired "Miniature Theater" (the specials inserted at the end of the main episodes) included in the Kitakubu Katsudou Kiroku DVD/BD volumes 2, 3 and 4.

 Rumours of a new killer have begun to circulate the city. They call her the Angel of Death, an unfeeling assassin who eliminates her targets with grace and precision, leaving only a flurry of feathers as her calling card. What the public is unaware of is the fact that this notorious hit man is actually a polite young woman named Noguchi Monaka. Like her spiritual predecessor, Monaka has lost most of her family, and her father's duty as an astronaut keeps him practically worlds apart. However, they are close despite the physical distance and Orudo promised his daughter that he would return. Until then, daily life for the timid and somewhat clumsy Monaka involve mostly school and her part time job as a waitress. But her nature completely changes once she receives an assignment...
 The series follows 16-year-old Hu Li, who dreams of becoming a popular singer. However, he has neither good looks nor the financial means to pursue his dream, so Hu uploads his singing online using a fox avatar.
 A ghost was seen on the 12th floor of the Asakusa Juunikai building. A newspaper article featuring the sighting brought together Takuboku Ishikawa, who runs a private detective agency to support his family, and his assistant Kyosuke Kindaichi to solve the case.
 Hello Kitty and her twin sister Mimi (aka Mimmy) are in kindergarten and have regular adventures "over the rainbow" (in their imaginations) or around their home and neighborhood.
 The anime's setting is a fictional Japanese city named Sugomori City. One day, Noriko Sonosaki tells her classmate Katsuhira Agata, "You have been selected to be a Kiznaiver." The Kizuna System, which allows Katsuhira to share his wounds, connects him to the classmates whose lives and personalities completely differ from his. The Kizuna System is an incomplete system for the implementation of world peace that connects people through wounds. All those who are connected to this system are called Kiznaivers. When one Kiznaiver is wounded, the system divides and transmits the wound among the other Kiznaivers. Sugomori City is built on reclaimed land, but as the years go by, the city's population is decreasing. The story is set in this town where Katsuhira and the others live.
 Katsuhira Agata is a quiet and reserved teenage boy whose sense of pain has all but vanished. His friend, Chidori Takashiro, can only faintly remember the days before Katsuhira had undergone this profound change. Now, his muffled and complacent demeanor make Katsuhira a constant target for bullies, who exploit him for egregious sums of money. But their fists only just manage to make him blink, as even emotions are far from his grasp.However, one day Katsuhira, Chidori, and four other teenagers are abducted and forced to join the Kizuna System as official "Kiznaivers." Those taking part are connected through pain

 Ranmaru Samejima is a very handsome and legendary school fencing champion whose sports career comes to an abrupt end after he is mistakenly run over by a car intended to kill his boyfriend, Enjoiji, the son of the mafia don in Osaka. Because of Enjoji's unwavering love and encouragement. Ranmaru is able to successfully recover. After a few years of living and loving together, they happen to learn that Enjoji's half brother, Kei Sagano, is not only living near them but has enrolled in the same college to be closer to Ranmaru his secret love. Kei's presence causes some conflict for the happy couple. After a long talk with Masanori Araki, Kei's substitute father, Kei realizes that he has no chance whatsoever of stealing Ranmaru from Enjoji.
 The story is set in a world where unique kaijuus suddenly begin to appear in various places around the world. Members of the United Nations Monster Observatory will explore a world where kaijuus with great powers and humankind live together.
 This Korean and Chinese co-production series focuses on Tao, a young boy with magical powers, as he attends school to become a wizard. Each episode was composed of two stories.
 Koua is an academy that brings Japanese's most talented people and students together. The mission is to train talented people to bear the world's future leadership. However, recently, the suicide rate in the academy is increasing and there is hardly any information being released to the public.Fujimiya Aya is sent to inflitrate this school carrying out criminal investigation and disguise himself as a teacher. In fact, actually, there is a connection between Koua academy and the global terrorist activities that are frequently occur. Therefore Persia assigns Hidaka Ken and Kudou Youji as well into this mission to solve the truth and connection of the incident behind Koua academy.
 A mecha otaku is reincarnated into another world as Ernesti Echevarria, also known as Eru. In this world, huge humanoid weapons known as Silhouette Knights exist. Dreaming of piloting those robots, Eru and his friends, Archid Olter and Adeltrud Olter, aim to become Knight Runners.
 A mecha otaku is reincarnated into another world as Ernesti Echevarria, also known as Eru. In this world, huge humanoid weapons known as Silhouette Knights exist. Dreaming of piloting those robots, Eru and his friends, Archid Olter and Adeltrud Olter, aim to become Knight Runners.
 o save the galaxy from impending doom, Cacao and Parfait are sent on a mission through time and space to retrieve the Fourth Warrior, Ramunes, the Champion of the Galaxy.Unfortunately, Cacao and Parfait discover Ramunes at the helm of the marauding Giga Genos invasion fleet! World by world, Ramunes is determined to bring the entire galaxy under his tyrannical heel. With the help of a plicky orphan, our heroines have to save the galaxy from its greatest hero!
 Zeus had a daughter named Athena, the goddess of war. A group of youths flocked to Athena fighting to protect her amidst heroic battles as her "Saints". Their proof of being a Saint laid with the battle protector known as Sacred Cloth.After a virtual eternity, a new struggle is about to unfold now again over the Cloth. A boy named Seiya has crossed way over to Greece to undergo the training to become a Saint and obtained the Cloth, Bronze cloth, the lowest position among Saints. Every Saint takes a constellation as their tutelary god. And Seiya's guardian star is Pegasus. Now, the saints gather together from all over the world to participate in the "Galatic War" - championship of Saints, aiming at the Gold Cloth, the symbol of ruler of the Saints. The curtain for Galatic War has been cut open. During the death battle between the Saints, Phoenix, the Black Saint, suddenly appeared on the scene and runs off with Gold Cloth in front of a full house in his ambition to become ruler of the world. Seiya and his fellow bronze cloth warriors go after Phoenix and his "Shadow Army" to retrieve the lost Gold Cloth...The battles waged among the saints, the strongest young men on earth, begin now!
 Second season of Knights of the Zodiac
 Second season of Knights of the Zodiac
 Zeus had a daughter named Athena, the goddess of war. A group of youths flocked to Athena fighting to protect her amidst heroic battles as her "Saints". Their proof of being a Saint laid with the battle protector known as Sacred Cloth.After a virtual eternity, a new struggle is about to unfold now again over the Cloth. A boy named Seiya has crossed way over to Greece to undergo the training to become a Saint and obtained the Cloth, Bronze cloth, the lowest position among Saints. Every Saint takes a constellation as their tutelary god. And Seiya's guardian star is Pegasus. Now, the saints gather together from all over the world to participate in the "Galatic War" - championship of Saints, aiming at the Gold Cloth, the symbol of ruler of the Saints. The curtain for Galatic War has been cut open. During the death battle between the Saints, Phoenix, the Black Saint, suddenly appeared on the scene and runs off with Gold Cloth in front of a full house in his ambition to become ruler of the world. Seiya and his fellow bronze cloth warriors go after Phoenix and his "Shadow Army" to retrieve the lost Gold Cloth...The battles waged among the saints, the strongest young men on earth, begin now!
 Kobato is a sweet and perky girl, but also extremely naive about the world around her, since she literally fell out of the sky, and thus unaccustomed to the human world. She is on a mission to fill a mysterious flask withheart fragments gained by healing broken hearts. Once filled, her wish to visit a certain place will be granted. However, she must not fall in love with a particular boy she works with and whose heart she must heal
 Kobato is a sweet and perky girl, but also extremely naive about the world around her, since she literally fell out of the sky, and thus unaccustomed to the human world. She is on a mission to fill a mysterious flask withheart fragments gained by healing broken hearts. Once filled, her wish to visit a certain place will be granted. However, she must not fall in love with a particular boy she works with and whose heart she must heal.
 Bundled with the limited edition of third and sixth volume of Kobayashi ga Kawai Sugite Tsurai!! shoujo manga.
 Kobayashi lives alone in an apartment, until one day, Tooru appeared and they ended up living together. Tooru looks down on humans as inferior and foolish, but having been saved by Kobayashi-san, she does everything she can to repay the debt and help her with various things, although not everything goes according to plan.A mythical everyday life comedy about a hard working office lady living with a dragon girl.
 Kobayashi lives alone in an apartment, until one day, Tooru appeared and they ended up living together. Tooru looks down on humans as inferior and foolish, but having been saved by Kobayashi-san, she does everything she can to repay the debt and help her with various things, although not everything goes according to plan.A mythical everyday life comedy about a hard working office lady living with a dragon girl.
 Second season of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon.
 Special episode bundled with the fifth Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Special episode bundled with the fifth Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Specials included with the BD/DVD release of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon.
 Kobo Tabata lives in a typical Japanese family. His father is a normal salary-man, his mother's a typical housewife, his grandparents (from his mother's side) help to take care of the family and it's pets, and his uncle's a slightly obese high school teacher. Still, they manage to find odd situations that sometimes arise due to Kobo's growing up process or simply because of their own habits and misunderstandings.
 Ryoutsu, being an underpayed policeman, is always coming up with ways to make some quick money. But in the end, his plans which are ridiculous from the beginning always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the Buchou.
 Anime adaptation of pachinko and slot machine parlor Island's "Aira Project" commercials. It follows three mascot characters
 The second season of KochinPa!
 Ryoutsu, being an underpaid policeman, is always coming up with underhanded schemes in order to make a quick buck. But in the end, his plans (which are ridiculous to begin with) always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the chief.
 More movie mayhem for Ryoutsu.
 The series is a historical drama aesthetically and boldly adapting the life of Oda Nobunaga in his teens up to his time as a warlord against his brother, Nobuyuki.
 The series is a historical drama aesthetically and boldly adapting the life of Oda Nobunaga in his teens up to his time as a warlord against his brother, Nobuyuki.
 Kurata Sana is a frenetic eleven-year-old child actress with an extremely overprotective agent, a mother who is an eccentric award-winning author, and a burning desire to do well in school. However, as much as she wants to be a good student, the antics of the boys in her class make learning impossible, according to Sana anyway.And in her eyes, Hayama Akito is the worst offender of them all. A junior-high war of the sexes ensues, and Sana eventually realizes through the chaos that Hayama may not be the devil boy she's made him up to be.
 23-year-old school teacher Aoki Daisuke has a huge problem. One of his precocious 3rd grade students, Kokonoe Rin, has the hots for him! Indeed, the mischievous Rin has proclaimed herself to be Daisuke-sensei's girlfriend and is now on the warpath to win him over or get him fired... whichever comes first! And that is not the end of Daisuke's problems, though; he also has to find out what happened to Usa Mimi, a friend of Rin's who has yet to attend school.
 A set of DVD only episodes released with the limited edition manga volumes.
 A 86-minute DVD episode that includes an uncensored summary of the original TV series.
 Rin, Kuro and Mimi are a year older and now attend the fourth grade. Rin still wants to make Aoki her boyfriend (and she does it in perverted ways), Kuro-chan finds Shirai-sensei to be her idol, and Mimi-chan still does not have any confidence in herself.
 Ishida Shouya bullies a deaf girl, Nishimiya Shouko, to the point that she transfers to another school. As a result, he is ostracized and bullied himself with no friends to speak of and no plans for the future. This is the story of his path to redemption.
 As a wild youth, elementary school student Shouya Ishida sought to beat boredom in the cruelest ways. When the deaf Shouko Nishimiya transfers into his class, Shouya and the rest of his class thoughtlessly bully her for fun. However, when her mother notifies the school, he is singled out and blamed for everything done to her. With Shouko transferring out of the school, Shouya is left at the mercy of his classmates. He is heartlessly ostracized all throughout elementary and middle school, while teachers turn a blind eye.Now in his third year of high school, Shouya is still plagued by his wrongdoings as a young boy. Sincerely regretting his past actions, he sets out on a journey of redemption
 An accident in the bakery's oven caused a piece of bread to stay in the oven for way too long. Thus Kogepan was born - a piece of burnt bread, having no chance to be sold.
 Koi Kaze is about a man named Koushirou, who has given up all hope of finding love or happiness after discovering that his partner has fallen out of love with him. Since then, he's been going through the motions of his life but hasn't actually been living it.During a normal commute to work, he notices a high school student on the train and feels an immediate connection to her. After running into her again the next day, he decides to take her to an amusement park, where they both end up confessing that their hearts have been broken...
 Tanaka Tetsurou is excited about getting a full scholarship at a new high school, far away from his family. What he does not know is that he will be the only boy in an all-girls school, and that there is a girl head-over-heels in love with him, waiting for his arrival.But his special friendship with the very cute and dynamic Asuka Yayoi also causes him to get into a lot of trouble with the powerful student council leadership, since they are at war with Asuka and her five friends, a group of super amazon warriors called the Koi Koi Seven.
 Tanaka Tetsurou is excited about getting a full scholarship at a new high school, far away from his family. What he does not know is that he will be the only boy in an all-girls school, and that there is a girl head-over-heels in love with him, waiting for his arrival.But his special friendship with the very cute and dynamic Asuka Yayoi also causes him to get into a lot of trouble with the powerful student council leadership, since they are at war with Asuka and her five friends, a group of super amazon warriors called the Koi Koi Seven.
 Koi to Senkyo to Chocolate follows the protagonist Oojima Yuuki, who attends Private Takafuji Academy, a large school with over 6,000 students. Yuuki is a member of the food research club, along with seven others, including his childhood friend Sumiyoshi Chisato. The members leisurely spend their time in the club not participating in many activities.When the election of the next student council president comes up, the front runner, Shinonome Satsuki, proposes that clubs with no merit should be separated and subsequently abolished. The food research club, in an act of desperation, seeks advice from the current student council president, Mori Yakumo, who suggests Yuuki run in the election as an opposing candidate. Yuuki learns about the issues facing the school and decides to run in the election.
 Lies are forbidden and love is doubly forbidden. In the near future, when young people in Japan turn sixteen, they are assigned a marriage partner by the government. People don't have to go through the trouble of looking for someone, and everyone accepts that the country will find a compatible partner to make them happy. Yukari Nejima is fifteen years old. He lives in a small corner of the country, and just can't seem to get ahead in life. Both academically and athletically he's below average. But within him, he hides a heart burning with passion! In this world in which love is forbidden, what will happen to him when he falls in love?
 Bundled with the limited edition of the 8th manga volume.
 Once you fall for someone, you can't stop the love.A strange encounter spurs the meeting of Amakusa Ryou, a high spec businessman who is loose with women, and his high school sister's best friend, Arima Ichika. From there, he falls madly in love. On one hand, he approaches her with almost too straight-forward methods, while she responds simply disgusted, insulting him without hesitation... and he takes it as her way of showing love.This is a romantic comedy about a twisted elite employee and a normal otaku high school girl.
 Akira Tachibana is a soft-spoken high school student who used to be a part of the track and field club but, due to an injury, she is no longer able to run as fast as she once could. Working part-time at a family restaurant as a recourse, she finds herself inexplicably falling love with her manager, a divorced 45-year-old man with a young son.Despite the age gap, Akira wholeheartedly embraces his mannerisms and kind nature, which is seen as spinelessness by the other employees, and little by little, the two begin to understand each other. Although unable to explain why exactly she is attracted to him, Akira believes that a concrete reason is not needed to truly love someone. On a rainy day, she decides to finally tell her manager about how she feels...but just how will he react?
 In the eyes of the public, Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara are sworn enemies who have nothing in common. Fudou, also known as "Red Gelato," is the leader of the hero squadron "Gelato 5," whose mission is to bring about world peace. On the other hand, Desumi is the minion leader of "Gecko," a villainous organization seeking world domination. However, despite these differences, their relationship is not quite what it seems. When they are not making a show of being at each other's throats, Desumi and Fudou continue to pursue a forbidden love.Going on dates, baking sweets for one another, and meeting up as often as they can despite their hectic schedules, the two inexperienced lovebirds pave the way for their own unique relationship. Though their public lives are worlds apart, Fudou and Desumi will stop at nothing to make their seemingly impossible romance work.
 In the eyes of the public, Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara are sworn enemies who have nothing in common. Fudou, also known as "Red Gelato," is the leader of the hero squadron "Gelato 5," whose mission is to bring about world peace. On the other hand, Desumi is the minion leader of "Gecko," a villainous organization seeking world domination. However, despite these differences, their relationship is not quite what it seems. When they are not making a show of being at each other's throats, Desumi and Fudou continue to pursue a forbidden love.Going on dates, baking sweets for one another, and meeting up as often as they can despite their hectic schedules, the two inexperienced lovebirds pave the way for their own unique relationship. Though their public lives are worlds apart, Fudou and Desumi will stop at nothing to make their seemingly impossible romance work.
 KoiKen Love Research club member Wakamiya Kaede comments that being an idol must be extremely easy- A comment that irritates idol Toyama Nagisa. At the suggestion of her manager, all female members of the KoiKen club are invited to become an idol unit with Nagisa. Kaede then realizes that maybe being an idol isn't so easy after all...
 It's a quick time jump to the 26th century where a school trip to a rebuilt 21st century city turns into a wild adventure for teenaged Shinichi. While chasing a talking deer that steals his bag, he runs into a strange girl trying to elude even stranger pursuers, and then things get really wild. It's a mad dash through a city of the past as two young people discover a chance at a new future.(Source
 The short tells three love stories set in Nanto.
 The short tells three love stories set in Nanto.
 Juri Yukawa lives with her NEET father and brother, her retired grandfather, her sister (a single mother) and her young nephew.One day, her nephew and brother are kidnapped for ransom. Having only 30 minutes to meet the demands of the kidnappers, Juri, who realizes there is not enough time to prepare the money, decides to head for their rescue by herself with knife in hand when her grandfather uses a mysterious stone passed on in the Yukawa family to stop time.In a world where everyone and everything are inert, Juri and her father and grandfather run to rescue the two. But at the kidnappers' hideout, they soon realize they are not the only ones who can move about in this still world...
 Having failed 19 job interviews in one day, Juri Yukawa's dreams of moving out of her parents' home are utterly dashed. Stuck living with her working mother Nobuko, NEET brother Tsubasa, laid-off father Takafumi, and single-parent sister Sanae, the only hope for this family to raise a decent adult is her little nephew Makoto. However, this struggling family's life takes a turn for the worse when Makoto and Tsubasa are violently kidnapped by a mysterious organization and held for ransom. With only 30 minutes to deliver five million yen to the criminals, Juri's grandfather reveals a dangerously powerful secret to her and Takafumi.By offering blood to her grandfather's mystical stone, the three enter the world of "Stasis," a version of their world where time stops for everyone but the users. Having arrived at their destination, their rescue efforts go awry when they are assailed by a surprising group of people who are somehow able to move around within Stasis. While all hope seems lost, a monstrous giant known only as the Herald appears amidst the chaos, its intent and motivations as cryptic as the very nature of this timeless world.
 Hasukawa Kazuya is in a terrible bind. His brother's new wife is also the woman that Kazuya secretly loves. Determined to avoid them both, Kazuya leaves home to live in the student dorm called Greenwood. There, he hopes to find peace of mind. Unfortunately for Kazuya, stability and peace are the last things one might find at Greenwood - home of the weirdest characters on campus.
 Hasukawa Kazuya is in a terrible bind. His brother's new wife is also the woman that Kazuya secretly loves. Determined to avoid them both, Kazuya leaves home to live in the student dorm called Greenwood. There, he hopes to find peace of mind. Unfortunately for Kazuya, stability and peace are the last things one might find at Greenwood - home of the weirdest characters on campus.(Source
 The story involves five high school students, Taichi, Iori, Himeko, Yoshifumi and Yui, who are all members of the Cultural Research Club. One day, they begin experiencing a phenomenon in which they randomly swap bodies amongst themselves. As these five friends face many different phenomena at the whims of a mysterious being known as Heartseed, their friendship is put to the ultimate test.
 When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of
 Jun is a girl whose words have been sealed away. She was once a very happy girl, but because of a certain thing she said when she was very young, her family was torn apart. One day, the egg fairy appeared in front of her and sealed away her ability to talk in order to stop her from hurting anybody else. Since this traumatic experience, Jun lives in the shadows away from the limelight. But, one day, she is nominated to become an executive member of the "community outreach council." On top of that, Jun is also appointed to play the main lead in their musical...
 Kokoro Toshokan, a small library, lies nestled in an unpopulated mountain far away from town. Three sisters, Iina, Aruto and Kokoro, call the library home and run it from day-to-day. Kokoro is just beginning her adventures at the library. Will she become a full-fledged librarian? Will the remote library ever attract readers? Kokoro tries her best to make her dreams come true at Kokoro Library, a place where miracles can happen.
 he story is set in Showa 38 (1963, a year before the Tokyo Olympics) and follows the coming of age of a high school girl named Matsuzaki Umi. The manga recounts her everyday life of laughter and tears with a school newspaper member, the student council president, and other schoolmates.
 The comedy centers on an old man who pulls stereotypical ikemen (handsome man) actions on similarly old women and makes their hearts flutter.
 Synopsis
 2021
 Second season of Komi-san wa, Comyushou desu..
 Fourteen-year-old Komori Shuri is a junior high school girl who is too nice to decline requests. Constantly doing favors for other people has given her incredible strength?! But even so, she is also an adolescent junior high school girl.A manga overflowing with the ups and downs of everyday life!
 Six high school students' life around the convenient store on their way from the school, talking about their life and meeting each of the girls they end up liking.
 Six high school students' life around the convenient store on their way from the school, talking about their life and meeting each of the girls they end up liking.
 The combined 22nd and 23rd issue of Kodansha's Morning magazine, which will go on sale on April 28, has announced a new 3D CG anime of Kanata Konami's slice-of-life manga Chi's Sweet Home.
 The second season of Koneko no Chii
 Yasuji Mori's short about a kitten drawing pictures on a wall.
 The kitten from Yasuji Mori's earlier Koneko no Rakugaki returns, this time putting his talents toward directing a samurai film starring his mouse friends.
 When King Kong fell to his tragic death off the Empire State Building, there was a young scientist Dr. Lorna Jenkins who cloned him and took him back to Kong Island so he could finally be protected again from the world. Eighteen years later her grandson Jason and friend Tan bring their teacher to the island to show him the paradise and of course Kong. But their teacher Ramon De La Porta has other plans, he steals the island's Primal Stones which control the balance of the island and make sure the imprisoned god Chyros does not escape. So now to restore balance to the island Jason, Tan, a shaman girl named Lua and of course Kong must journey around the world to retrieve the stones and stop De La Porta once and for all.
 Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don’t-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash’s master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage.
 Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage.
 During the Summer holidays, Gash and gang decide to head for Fuji Mountain for a picnic gathering. There, they encounter a girl with a white magical book. Her name is Kotoha and her book has a message saying that Gash's mother is located a cave in the forest. However, when they eventually found the cave, there was already a blond-haired youth by the name of Wiseman. In order to rescue Wiseman, Gash and the others attempt to proceed into the depths of the cave and stumble upon the entrance to another world. Soon later, the strongest warrior, the Black Knight, appeared before them. Thinking that Gash was the one who stole the 101th magical book, the Black Knight started to attack them. Gash and Kiyomaro have to find the real criminal in exactly 24 hours, or else they will be stuck in the alternative world forever.
 With only Coast School in mind, Takamine Kiyomaro leaves Gash bewildered that he’ll make a new Volcan 300 for him to play with. The genius tries to catch up with the bus that would take him there, but a giant Volcan 300 kidnaps him. Meanwhile Gash befriends the same Vulcan that kidnapped Kiyomaro later named
 Anne Shirley goes through quite a lot of adventures before she ends up in Green Gables. She is living with a family and helps out by looking after the kids, helping in the chores around the home. Meanwhile she discovers more about who she is...
 Kono Bijutsubu ni wa Mondai ga Aru! focuses on an art club in a certain middle school, and its members
 Chiharu Kashima is the captain of the Wizard Bureau's Crisis Countermeasures Division. One day, he meets a friendly man named Toyohi Utsumi at the bar he frequents. Soon after the meeting, Utsumi confesses, "I've fallen in love with Kashima-san." Kashima is taken aback, but the two soon begin to spend more time together.
 *The Second OVA of Kono Dan series.They say look before you leap and make sure you can swim before you go in the deep water, but when a picture of his late grandfather falls into the ocean, Shima jumps in after it without thinking. Nearly drowning as a result, he is instead saved by a very perfect stranger... one whose strangeness extends to only being human from the waist up!For Shima, who's always felt like a fish out of water himself, it's more than just a revelation, and the young man and merman quickly begin to bond in ways neither anticipated. And yet, it's going to be far from easy sailing. After all, Shima and Isaki aren't just from opposite sides of the tracks, they're from entirely divergent species, and swimming in separate gene pools may make maintaining a long term relationship a whole different kettle of fish!
 A fantasy and adventure comedy starring Karla, a dark elf cleric who invested too much in her insulting skills, and Alvin, a swordsman who has to put up with her antics.
 Abiding by his father's will, Shougo was transferred into an academy where many young girls attend. It appears as though his younger sister (separated from him at birth) also attends this academy. She is trying to get closer to him without letting him know who she actually is. Problem is, Shougo seems to be popular with the other girls as well! Can Shougo "properly" reunite with his little sister while getting a girlfriend at the same time?!
 Is insanity hereditary? Shougo Mikadono's beginning to think so, because the terms of his late father's will seem crazy and following them may drive Shougo bonkers as well. Oh, it sounds simple at first
 Since the graduation of the senior members of the club, Takezou ends up being the sole member of the "Koto" (traditional Japanese string instrument) club. Now that the new school year has begun, Takezou will have to seek out new members into the club, or the club will become terminated. Out of nowhere, a new member barges into the near-abandoned club room, demanding to join the club. How will Takezou be able to keep his club alive and deal with this rascal of a new member?
 Since the graduation of the senior members of the club, Takezou ends up being the sole member of the "Koto" (traditional Japanese string instrument) club. Now that the new school year has begun, Takezou will have to seek out new members into the club, or the club will become terminated. Out of nowhere, a new member barges into the near-abandoned club room, demanding to join the club. How will Takezou be able to keep his club alive and deal with this rascal of a new member?
 Second season of Kono Oto Tomare!
 Second season of Kono Oto Tomare!

 Suzu Urano is a pure and kindhearted girl who loves to draw. She can also be quite the airhead, owing to her ceaseless daydreaming, much to the annoyance but also the joy of those close to her. Growing up in the outskirts of Hiroshima City, Japan, she led an ordinary but happy life with her family.However, after some time, Suzu has to suddenly leave her beloved home to move into the neighboring town of Kure, due to her marriage to Shuusaku Houjou, a man she barely knows. Put to work in her husband's household, the homesick girl struggles to adjust to the unfamiliar environment, living with a family who treats her coldly. She cannot help but question
 Nikola is just a village girl working at the inn...until the day dragons invade, and she meets Haga, a scholar of everything around him. He's a part of an elite society called "Seeker," created to address a series of maladies plaguing their usually peaceful world. But both Nikola and Haga have secrets they hide...ones that will change each other's very existence...
 Crimson Magic Clan members Megumin and Yunyun are at the top of their class, but they still have a lot to learn. Yunyun's begun learning advanced magic, but Megumin has gone down a different path-the path of explosion magic! Despite being warned of its limited usefulness, Megumin believes explosion magic is the way for her to become a great, voluptuous wizard, and she won't be convinced otherwise!
 Crimson Magic Clan members Megumin and Yunyun are at the top of their class, but they still have a lot to learn. Yunyun's begun learning advanced magic, but Megumin has gone down a different path-the path of explosion magic! Despite being warned of its limited usefulness, Megumin believes explosion magic is the way for her to become a great, voluptuous wizard, and she won't be convinced otherwise!
 The life of Satou Kazuma, a hikikomori who likes games, all too soon came to an end because of a traffic accident... It was supposed to, but when he woke up, a beautiful girl who called herself a goddess was in front of his eyes."Hey, I have got something a little nice for you. Wanna go to another world? You can take only one thing of your choice along with you.""...then I'll take you."From here on, the great adventure of subjugating the Demon King will begin for the reincarnated Kazuma... Or so one would think, but it's the labor for obtaining food, clothing and shelter that begins! Despite Kazuma wanting to live in peace, the goddess keeps causing problems one after another, and eventually, they attract the attention of the Demon King's army!?
 After dying a laughable and pathetic death on his way back from buying a game, high school student and recluse Kazuma Satou finds himself sitting before a beautiful but obnoxious goddess named Aqua. She provides the NEET with two options
 Second season of Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!
 When Kazuma Satou died, he was given two choices
 Bundled with the 12th volume of the light novel.
 Kazuma meets a novice adventurer called Ran who claims to be Kazuma's fan. A quest is proposed to Kazuma and his party in front of Ran, so he accepts the quest to look good in front of his fan; after some convincing, they all go to fight the metal golem.
 Third season of Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!
 While exploring Wiz's magic shop with his party, Kazuma Satou finds a magical wish-granting choker and decides to try it on. Only then does Wiz tell him that the choker strangles its wearer to death in four days unless their desires are fulfilled. This wouldn't be a problem if Kazuma knew what his wish was. Fearing for Kazuma's life, Aqua, Megumin, and Lalatina "Darkness" Dustiness Ford all agree to do his bidding in order to satisfy his desires and hopefully grant his wish, no matter what he asks for...
 Bundled with the ninth volume of the light novel.
 It is not strange that the Demon Lord's forces fear the Crimson Demons, the clan from which Megumin and Yunyun originate. Even if the Demon Lord's generals attack their village, the Crimson Demons can just easily brush them off with their supreme mastery of advanced and overpowered magic.When Yunyun receives a seemingly serious letter regarding a potential disaster coming to her hometown, she immediately informs Kazuma Satou and the rest of his party. After a series of wacky misunderstandings, it turns out to be a mere prank by her fellow demon who wants to be an author. Even so, Megumin becomes worried about her family and sets out toward the Crimson Demons' village with the gang.There, Kazuma and the others decide to sightsee the wonders of Megumin's birthplace. However, they soon come to realize that the nonsense threat they received might have been more than just a joke.
 It is not strange that the Demon Lord's forces fear the Crimson Demons, the clan from which Megumin and Yunyun originate. Even if the Demon Lord's generals attack their village, the Crimson Demons can just easily brush them off with their supreme mastery of advanced and overpowered magic.When Yunyun receives a seemingly serious letter regarding a potential disaster coming to her hometown, she immediately informs Kazuma Satou and the rest of his party. After a series of wacky misunderstandings, it turns out to be a mere prank by her fellow demon who wants to be an author. Even so, Megumin becomes worried about her family and sets out toward the Crimson Demons' village with the gang.There, Kazuma and the others decide to sightsee the wonders of Megumin's birthplace. However, they soon come to realize that the nonsense threat they received might have been more than just a joke.
 Takuya Arima is a young student whose father, a historian who has conducted various researches, disappeared recently. During a summer vacation Takuya receives a peculiar package from his missing father, along with a letter containing information about the existence of various parallel worlds. At first Takuya doesn't take it seriously, but soon he realizes that he possesses a device that allows him to travel to alternate dimensions. Is his father alive, after all? If so, where is he?
 Takuya Arima is a young student whose father, a historian who has conducted various researches, disappeared recently. During a summer vacation Takuya receives a peculiar package from his missing father, along with a letter containing information about the existence of various parallel worlds. At first Takuya doesn't take it seriously, but soon he realizes that he possesses a device that allows him to travel to alternate dimensions. Is his father alive, after all? If so, where is he?
 In a village inhabited by youkai, the lives of several fox mononoke working in a hot spring inn. The stories revolve around a new employee, Yuzu. Yuzu had always been living in the mountains, but now has to adjust to a new life working in a high class inn. She is oblivious and clumsy at first, but with her simple cuteness, she is able to get along with all the other foxes.
 In a village inhabited by youkai, the lives of several fox mononoke working in a hot spring inn. The stories revolve around a new employee, Yuzu. Yuzu had always been living in the mountains, but now has to adjust to a new life working in a high class inn. She is oblivious and clumsy at first, but with her simple cuteness, she is able to get along with all the other foxes.
 Konpeki no Kantai is a Japanese alternate-history original video animation series produced by JC Staff. Based on a 1992 novel by Yoshio Aramaki, the series focuses on a technologically advanced Imperial Japanese Navy and a radically different Pacific War that was brought about by Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto's revival in the past due to unexplained circumstances. The series also features real-life 1940s figures whose first names were changed, such as Winston Churchill to Kingston Churchill and Adolf Hitler to Heinrich von Hitler.
 A special which tells the story of the development of the japanese Sourai interceptor plane.
 Allen, a misanthropic wizard, lives deep within the forest. He is known as the "Demon Lord" and feared by those around him.One day, while living his life as a hermit, he comes across a young girl named Charlotte who has collapsed in the forest. Despite being innocent, she was accused of evil deeds, had her engagement annulled, and was forced to flee her country.When he heard that, Allen remembered the agony of being betrayed by a group he once thought was his companions. After hearing the story of the 17-year-old's exploitation, Allen decides, "I'll let her live in my mansion, and I'll teach her all sorts of bad things..."
 Himuro is an office worker who belongs to a race of supernatural beings with strange powers. Whenever he is deep in concentration, he subconsciously plunges his poor coworkers into a close rendition of the Arctic. Even so, contrary to his icy powers, Himuro is a warm and kind person. He likes flowers and cats, but alas, he cannot get too close to either.Himuro has a soft spot for his colleague Fuyutsuki, a calm woman who has a knack for providing simple solutions to his unconventional problems. Whenever Fuyutsuki does something for him, a snowstorm of emotions builds inside Himuro's heart, and he fails to notice the raging snowstorm he causes on the office floor.Thanks to his snowy tantrums, Himuro's feelings are apparent to everyone but Fuyutsuki. However, fueled by immense adoration and desire, Himuro is prepared to do whatever it takes to capture her heart.
 Himuro is an office worker who belongs to a race of supernatural beings with strange powers. Whenever he is deep in concentration, he subconsciously plunges his poor coworkers into a close rendition of the Arctic. Even so, contrary to his icy powers, Himuro is a warm and kind person. He likes flowers and cats, but alas, he cannot get too close to either.Himuro has a soft spot for his colleague Fuyutsuki, a calm woman who has a knack for providing simple solutions to his unconventional problems. Whenever Fuyutsuki does something for him, a snowstorm of emotions builds inside Himuro's heart, and he fails to notice the raging snowstorm he causes on the office floor.Thanks to his snowy tantrums, Himuro's feelings are apparent to everyone but Fuyutsuki. However, fueled by immense adoration and desire, Himuro is prepared to do whatever it takes to capture her heart.
 OVA released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons.
 OVA released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons.
 The story centres around a passive high school boy named Aikawa Ayumu, who gets killed during a spate of mysterious serial killings. However, Ayumu is resurrected as a zombie by the necromancer girl Eu, whom he had befriended just before dying.When Ayumu reawakens he is tossed into a world with masou shoujo (magically equipped girls) and vampire ninjas. And of all things, he is assigned the duties of such a masou shoujo by the magical warrior girl Haruna.
 The silent and stoic Chateau Dankworth is a bounty hunter. Her target
 The comedy story follows the title character, who is regarded by himself and others as the best hit man in Japan. He goes by the motto, “If I have an assignment, I will kill anything.” However, his “killing” assignments have expanded to include everything from summer vacation homework to housekeeping. “The hit man never fails to kill the target. Though he does not aim to, he also never misses the laughter.
 Kosukesama Rikimarusama
 The "apartment comedy with laughs and tears" centers on a four-year-old boy named Kotarou Satоou, who moves next door to Shin Karino, an unsuccessful manga artist. Kotarou has no parents and lives alone. Not only does he seem to earn a living, he actually seems more put together than his own strange neighbors.
 The "apartment comedy with laughs and tears" centers on a four-year-old boy named Kotarou Satоou, who moves next door to Shin Karino, an unsuccessful manga artist. Kotarou has no parents and lives alone. Not only does he seem to earn a living, he actually seems more put together than his own strange neighbors.
 The story of Kotetsushin Jeeg takes place fifty years after the original and features a new cast of characters - primarily the new main character Kenji Kusanagi, a high school student and motorcycle racer who becomes Kotetsushin Jeeg to fight the sudden reappearance of Haniwa Genjin (Haniwa Phantom Gods, or clay robots) from the Jamada Empire ruled by Queen Himika.Other characters include Tsubaki Tamashiro (granddaughter of Miwa Uzuki) and Kyo Misumi, Kenji's partners. Other main characters from the original series also appear.
 We have met, for each of us to walk forward.Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches...
 On a rainy morning in Tokyo, Takao Akizuki, an aspiring shoemaker, decides to skip class to sketch designs in a beautiful garden. This is where he meets Yukari Yukino, a beautiful yet mysterious woman, for the very first time. Offering to make her new shoes, Takao continues to meet with Yukari throughout the rainy season, and without even realizing it, the two are able to alleviate the worries hidden in their hearts just by being with each other. However, their personal struggles have not disappeared completely, and as the end of the rainy season approaches, their relationship will be put to the test.
 Ever since Kotoura Haruka was a little girl, she was able to read the minds of those surrounding her. And even though this gift may be special, in her life so far it only had devastating results
 Mini episodes of Kotoura-san introducing each of the series' characters.
 Ever since Kotoura Haruka was a little girl, she was able to read the minds of those surrounding her. And even though this gift may be special, in her life so far it only had devastating results
 A shadow of Darkness approaches a peaceful Forest...Sounds like trouble for Mushiking!Lets put our strengths together and fight Adder!Deep in the Forest exists a paradise for the fairies and insects. There, Popo the Fairy, Mushiking, The King of Beetles, and many other beetles live happily together. One day, a happy-go-lucky beetle named Iron Stripe Stag-Beetle (Iron Stripe) from another forest appears in front of Popo, requesting a challenge with Mushiking in a combat. Suddenly, Iron Stripe and Popo are attacked by a red-eyed beetle, Blue Hercules Beetle, who is being controlled by Adder, the Fairy of Darkness scheming to rule the Forest. Mushiking, The King of Beetles, rushes to the rescue, but with Giraffe Stag-beetle (Giraffe), also controlled by Adder, showing up, he has to battle two giant beetles as he defends Popo and friends, and gradually losing strength, gets captured and is taken away.
 The story begins with a spaceship struggling to return to its home world, which crash lands onto a dying planet, triggering an explosion of pure energy, generated by the powerful and mysterious life forms that are piloting the craft. This outburst of energy infuses the dying planet with a life-generating force.Popo, the main character of the story, lives happily with his mother on this planet in a remote part of the forest that is populated with praying mantises, ladybugs, beetles and many other insects.Popos greatest desire is to grow up and become stronger, so that he can search for his father who left the family several years before and has not been heard from since. His father was known as the Guardian of the Forest, as he was passionately dedicated to his research on the planet and on the forest in which his family lives.One day, while walking through the forest, Popo witnesses an ominous event. A strange flowing mist appears, completely covering the forest. A mysterious and sinister character, Passer, also appears, condemning Popos father as an enemy of the forest people and the source of all their trouble. Popo races home only to find to his shock and amazement that his mother has been transformed into a half-plant, half human creature.Confused and dismayed over what he has seen, Popo decides that only his father will be able to restore his mother to her human self and rescue the forest from harm. He decides to leave his home in search for his father.However, the evil Adder and his henchmen plot to prevent Popo from achieving his goal with the help of giant beetles who attack the young boy at every turn. Fortunately, Popo has an ally, Mushiking
 Compilation film of Koukaku Kidoutai
 Compilation film of Koukaku Kidoutai
 In the year 2045, after an economic disaster known as the Synchronized Global Default, rapid developments in AI propelled the world to enter a state of “Sustainable War”. However, the public is not aware of the threat that AI has towards the human race.Full-body cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi and her second-in-command Batou are former members of Public Security Section 9, who are now hired mercenaries traveling hot devastated American west coast. This land is full of opportunity for the major and her team, they utilize their enhanced cyberbrains and combat skills from their time working in Section 9. However, things get complicated with the emergence of “post humans,” who have extreme intelligence and physical powers. The members of Section 9 comeback together again in order to face this new threat.
 Second season of Koukaku Kidoutai
 Second season of Koukaku Kidoutai
 The official website for Ghost in the Shell
 When Nanakorobi Nene, a cybernetically enhanced girl-next-door, heads to the island metropolis of Cenancle to live with her aunt, she has no way of knowing what's in store for her. A chance meeting intertwines her fate with that of the super-rich inventor, Uzal Delilah, and her adorable and grumpy companion, Clarion, who happens to be a cyborg just like Nene. Nene is thrilled to make a friend, but there's more to Uzal and Clarion - and the island of Cenancle itself - than meets the eye. When a super-powered terrorist threatens Cenancle, Uzal claims that the only way to avert disaster is for Nene to team up with Clarion and use their combined powers - abilities Nene never even knew she had.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second in a trilogy of films that take place after the original Eureka Seven but before Eureka Seven AO.
 The virtual world inside the scub coral (intelligent coral-like lifeforms) created by Eureka... The people from that virtual world appeared on Earth ten years ago when it collapsed. Since this large-scale amalgamation, the humans from the virtual world call themselves "Green Earth" and the original Earth humans call themselves "Blue Earth," and they've come to cause various conflicts with each other repeatedly below the surface. Eventually, Dewey Novak, a senior officer in the Green Earth Armed Forces, rises together with his comrades and finally sets a large-scale terrorism plan into action in order to protect their own dignity.Meanwhile, Eureka, who is detested by the world as the main cause of the chaos, has become a high-grade combatant with the UN's A.C.I.D. unit. Live in order to keep this world at peace... This was the path of atonement she chose. One day, she receives an order to protect a girl named Iris, a new "Eureka" who has the ability to control scab coral. They fight a lot at first but gradually come to understand each other through their lonely escape. Soon the world faces a crisis, and when that happens, Eureka draws on every last ounce of her strength as she fights. "I want to protect Iris and this world." What future awaits her at the end of that wish of hers?
 The virtual world inside the scub coral (intelligent coral-like lifeforms) created by Eureka... The people from that virtual world appeared on Earth ten years ago when it collapsed. Since this large-scale amalgamation, the humans from the virtual world call themselves "Green Earth" and the original Earth humans call themselves "Blue Earth," and they've come to cause various conflicts with each other repeatedly below the surface. Eventually, Dewey Novak, a senior officer in the Green Earth Armed Forces, rises together with his comrades and finally sets a large-scale terrorism plan into action in order to protect their own dignity.Meanwhile, Eureka, who is detested by the world as the main cause of the chaos, has become a high-grade combatant with the UN's A.C.I.D. unit. Live in order to keep this world at peace... This was the path of atonement she chose. One day, she receives an order to protect a girl named Iris, a new "Eureka" who has the ability to control scab coral. They fight a lot at first but gradually come to understand each other through their lonely escape. Soon the world faces a crisis, and when that happens, Eureka draws on every last ounce of her strength as she fights. "I want to protect Iris and this world." What future awaits her at the end of that wish of hers?
 Eureka Seven
 Eureka Seven
 Deep within the inner palace lives a special consort who does not serve the emperor despite her position, known as the Raven Consort. People who have seen her say she looks like an old woman, while others say she looks like a young girl. Stories talk of her use of mysterious arts and how she can take on any request, be it death curses to finding lost things. Koushun, the current emperor, goes to visit the Raven Consort with that intention, without knowing that their fated meeting will become a taboo that will overturn history.
 Deep within the inner palace lives a special consort who does not serve the emperor despite her position, known as the Raven Consort. People who have seen her say she looks like an old woman, while others say she looks like a young girl. Stories talk of her use of mysterious arts and how she can take on any request, be it death curses to finding lost things. Koushun, the current emperor, goes to visit the Raven Consort with that intention, without knowing that their fated meeting will become a taboo that will overturn history.
 Villgust is a peaceful world that exists parallel to ours. However, now an evil deity has been revived and has sent evil creatures to destroy many countries, which left darkness and terror to rule the world. The peoples' prayers and cries has reached out to the goddess Windina and in order to free the world from darkness she chose eight brave warriors to defeat the evil deity. Although blessed, these warriors are unaware at the path chosen for them, thus the two groups of Kui, Chris, Fanna, and Youta must meet up with Murobo, Remi, Ryuquir, and Bostov before they can follow the path chosen for them and defeat the evil deity.
 Based on the manga by Inoue Noriyoshi, which has also had a Super Famicom game spinoff.Natsume Kiroemon, the protagonist, was the 45th leader of the Natsume family, and inherit the "Kiryuu no Mimi ", a tool which gave its bearer easy access to wealth and women. As a result of his father's death, he left the Italian monastery where he'd been training and rightfully took the name "Natsume Kiroemon" as well as the power of the Kiryuu no Mimi. Upon his return to Japan, he fell fatally in love with Kanako, one of the members of the rival Mina family. However, the evil hand of the Mina family attacked Natsume constantly and abducted Kanako. Now Natsume has unlocked the seal, making the Kiryuu's power surge, and he's striking back at the Mina family.
 Three talented students of a technical high school, Daisaku, Tetsuya and Hotaru create award-winning robots as part of a school competition. At this time, the evil Derinja race that plans control of all space extends its ambitions to Earth. To combat this threat, Hotaru's father, Professor Mizuki, takes the three robots and modifies them for battle. Albegas, a super robot, is born.
 Hiroshi Shiba is an outstanding car racer whose father is assassinated upon the discovery of the Bronze Bell from an ancient civilization. This Bronze Bell is coveted by Queen Himika who comes from that ancient era; the Yamatai Kingdom, and whose ambitions are to seize the Bell and dominate earth. Hiroshi is left with a few items from his father which would enable him to morph into a full sized mecha warrior, the Steel Jeeg. With these abilities and the help of his father's brain implanted in a computer and his assistance Miwa "Micchi" Uzuki, they set out to neutralize Himika's plans of world dominion.
 The Imperial Seal has been passed down through the generations since ancient times. It confers great power unto the warriors that it chooses. This is the story of those warriors.It is a time of chaos and of civil war. It is a time when great armies clash in titanic battles and great heroes carve their names in history. It is also a time of death and destruction, when the people of the land live in constant fear of the sword. Onto this stage steps the reluctant Rikuson (Lu Xun), whose family had been the guardians of the Imperial Seal up until it was stolen by Sonsaku. At the behest of his mentor Rikuson offers his services to Sonsaku with the intention of confirming the will of the Imperial Seal. However, assassins strike down Sonsaku and the Imperial Seal is lost. So begins, Rikuson’s journey to recover the Imperial Seal and discover his destiny.
 As the world is in the middle of an industrial revolution, a monster appears that cannot be defeated unless its heart, which is protected by a layer of iron, is pierced. By infecting humans with its bite, the monster can create aggressive and undead creatures known as Kabane. On the island Hinomoto, located in the far east, people have built stations to shelter themselves from these creatures. People access the station, as well as transport wares between them, with the help of a locomotive running on steam, called Hayajiro. Ikoma, a boy who lives in the Aragane station and helps to build Hayajiro, creates his own weapon called Tsuranukizutsu in order to defeat the creatures. One day, as he waits for an opportunity to use his weapon, he meets a girl named Mumei, who is excused from the mandatory Kabane inspection. During the night, Ikuma meets Mumei again as he sees Hayajiro going out of control. The staff on the locomotive has turned into the creatures. The station, now under attack by Kabane, is the opportunity Ikoma has been looking for.
 The world is in the midst of the industrial revolution when horrific creatures emerge from a mysterious virus, ripping through the flesh of humans to sate their never-ending appetite. The only way to kill these beings, known as "Kabane," is by destroying their steel-coated hearts. However, if bitten by one of these monsters, the victim is doomed to a fate worse than death, as the fallen rise once more to join the ranks of their fellow undead.Only the most fortified of civilizations have survived this turmoil, as is the case with the island of Hinomoto, where mankind has created a massive wall to protect themselves from the endless hordes of Kabane. The only way into these giant fortresses is via heavily-armored trains, which are serviced and built by young men such as Ikoma. Having created a deadly weapon that he believes will easily pierce through the hearts of Kabane, Ikoma eagerly awaits the day when he will be able to fight using his new invention. Little does he know, however, that his chance will come much sooner than he expected...
 Compilation film of the first half of the TV series.
 Compilation film of the second half of the TV series.
 Sequel of Koutetsujou no Kabaneri
 The movie is a continuation of the story from the original series that takes place half a year later. The original team joins an alliance to help take back the area around Unato Castle, however things do not go as planned. Will Ikoma and his friends be able to survive, or will they fall to the hordes of Kabane?
 In a barren frontier where people trade goods with each other in order to help each other survive. The Kotobuki Squadron are bodyguards for hire, led by a strict but beautiful squadron leader, an unreliable commanding officer, and a true artisan of a crew chief. Alongside pilots who don't lack for personality, they take to the air in dogfights, letting the engine noise of their Hayabusa fighters ring out in the skies.
 A short spin-off anime released on "Kouya no Kotobuki Hikoutai
 Compilation film with new content.
 Kowabon, a horror story, will be animated using a technique called rotoscoping. Animators will trace live-action footage frame-by-frame to recreate it as animation.
 In 2039, helper androids are widespread as general purpose electronics. Keiichiro lost his family in a traffic accident and retired from his band. One day, he finds an old model android in a garbage dump. He takes her home but after taking her to a repair shop he was told she couldn't be repaired so he planed to throw her away, but the next day he finds her making breakfast for him. Thus begin the summer days of a memoryless android and a dreamless boy. Kowarekake no Orgel was originally an independent animation released as an OVA. Later on it received a theatrical release that is a bit different and longer than the original.
 Adaptation of Koyomi History short story released on Madogatari Blu-ray.
 Based on a series of light novels written by Nishio Ishin and illustrated by Vofan.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The story revolves around the protagonist "I" and the murders and mysteries he encounters. He tries in vain to stay out of the story, but instead he always gets dragged into the center of everything. Even though it seems that he contributes a lot, he always finds out that whatever he did was meaningless in the end
 This anime adapts Key's visual novel Kud Wafter, which follows the romantic relationship between Riki Naoe and Kudryavka Noumi from the game Little Busters!
 Every 333 years, an abomination is born, a being known as Kuiba, destined to be the nemesis of all, and bring disaster to the world. In Kuiba year 1664, the sixth-generation Kuiba appeared. After narrowly escaping a preemptive strike by the forces of heaven, the young Kuiba was adopted by Man Xiaoman of the Beast Nation, who gave him the name "Manji." Like those around him, Manji is unaware of his true identity. With the encouragement of his adopted father, Manji overcame numerous trials before finally boarding a warship bound for Maelstrom Island.There he hopes to prove he is the greatest Spirit Warrior of all by saving the world from the threat known as Kuiba. Meanwhile, on Maelstrom Island, Kuiba's most loyal lieutenants are waiting, ready to do battle with all who oppose their master's return Though unaware of his true nature, Manji must soon face the inevitable conflict between his father, the gods of heaven, and Kuiba's twelve fiercest lieutenants.
 Before he can get close to the real enemy, Manji faces challenges from two powerful opponents 
 The story takes place in Lingshan, where a group of "hopeless" people are gathered on the earth. Most of them are poor, vicious, or extremely evil, abandoned by the society in Lingshan. This is where the fourth generation of Kuiba Mi Lin was born.The Heavens struggled to find Kuiba to no avail. In order to eliminate Kuiba, the Heavens determined to blast Lingshan into the ground. Mi Lin rose from the predicament, and his spirit gradually awakened souls with flesh and blood in Lingshan. Mi Lin led the Lingshan Army to sweep across the world, against the Heavens, and became the overlord of the world.
 Every 333 years the ultimate universal devil known as "Kuiba" is reborn. With each rebirth, Kuiba brings absolute destruction. In order to battle Kuiba, Deities and people team up and assassinate him just before his revival. In 1664, the year of Kuiba's rebirth, the assassination attempt failed. Kuiba managed to slip into the young body of Manji. As the child grew older, Manji grew a strong desire to become the greatest warrior. When Manji hears the armies of Earth are recruiting to battle Kuiba, Manji and his master enlists to find and fight Kuiba. What he doesn't know is the one he is aiming to destroy is himself. How will he face his fate and accept his destiny?
 A young mystic without a past, Kujaku was born under a dark omen possessed of incredible supernatural powers. Raised by priests, he has learned to use these powers for good. But the evil Siegfried von Mittgard seeks to steal his birthright, and rule the world as the Regent of Darkness. He has dispatched bloodthirsty minions to destroy Kujaku before he can awaken to his destiny. Now, Kujaku must unravel the riddle of his past, before the power within consumes him!
 A young mystic without a past, Kujaku was born under a dark omen possessed of incredible supernatural powers. Raised by priests, he has learned to use these powers for good. But the evil Siegfried von Mittgard seeks to steal his birthright, and rule the world as the Regent of Darkness. He has dispatched bloodthirsty minions to destroy Kujaku before he can awaken to his destiny. Now, Kujaku must unravel the riddle of his past, before the power within consumes him!
 Here, in Rikkyoin High School, all the troubles are solved by the lot (Kujibiki), and even students are chosen by lots at the entrance exams. This is the story about a one-year battle among the candidates for the next school government leaders, who are also chosen by the lot, in order to gain the position.
 Chihiro Enomoto is a freshman that just got to a new school called Rikkyoin High School. He lost his parents in a traffic accident when he was 10. Since then, he has been living only with his elder sister Shinobu. He is good at cooking and cleaning, and does all the housekeeping jobs. He fell in love with Tokino at first sight when he met her in the school library on the first day of school. Another girl named Ritsuko, a childhood friend of Chihiro and the chair of student council, falls in the love with the boy instantly after this long-awaited reunion. But she is not the only one who is in love with him. This is the story about a one-year campaign among the candidates for the next students government leaders, who are also chosen by the lot (kujibiki), in order to gain the position.(Source
 Freshman Enomoto Chihiro, called Happy Fortune by his friend, just transferred to Rikkyouin High School (winning the admission lottery). Chihiro lost his parents in a traffic accident when he was 10, and has been living with his older klutzy sister Shinobu since that time. Good at cooking and cleaning, he does all the housekeeping chores.On the first day at school
 Once a year prestigious Rikkyouin High School has a lottery to determine the next year's Student Council membership. On their first day of school Chihiro Enomoto wins the presidency while his childhood friend Tokino Akiyama picks the vice-president's ticket. There is one catch though, they must first pass a one year apprenticeship under the current Student Council and any failure to perform the tasks assigned, however minor, will result in immediate expulsion from the school.(Source
 Chakuro is the 14-year-old archivist of the Mud Whale, a nigh-utopian island that floats across the surface of an endless sea of sand. Nine in ten of the inhabitants of the Mud Whale have been blessed and cursed with the ability to use saimia, special powers that doom them to an early death.Chakuro and his friends have stumbled across other islands, but they have never met, seen, or even heard of a human who wasn't from their own. One day, Chakuro visits an island as large as the Mud Whale and meets a girl who will change his destiny.
 Fifteen-year-old Yuna prefers staying home and obsessively playing her favorite VRMMO to doing anything else, including going to school. When a strange new update gives her a one-of-a-kind bear outfit that comes with overpowered abilities, Yuna is torn
 Fifteen-year-old Yuna prefers staying home and obsessively playing her favorite VRMMO to doing anything else, including going to school. When a strange new update gives her a one-of-a-kind bear outfit that comes with overpowered abilities, Yuna is torn
 Second season of Kuma Kuma Kuma Bear.
 Second season of Kuma Kuma Kuma Bear.
 The manga follows Machi, a middle school student who serves as a shrine maiden at a Shinto shrine and takes care of a bear, who lives on mountain in Japan's northern Tohoku region. The bear, Natsu, has the ability to talk and is Machi's guardian. When Machi explains to Natsu that she will attend a school in the city, he gives Machi a set of trials that she must pass in order to be able to survive city life.
 Special episodes included in the Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Kuma Miko.

 The world where the Hero and the Demon King continue to oppose each other. The grand magic from the Hero and the Demon King cross over worlds and exploded in the classroom of a certain high school.The students who died in the explosion will be reincarnated in a different world. The protagonist, who has the lowest reputation in the class, was reincarnated into a spider. Nevertheless, she adapted quickly to the present condition with strong willpower.This is a story of she who has become a spider trying whatever she can to live.
 The day is as normal as it can be in high school as the students peacefully go about their everyday activities until an unprecedented catastrophe strikes the school, killing every person in its wake. Guided by what seems to be a miracle, a handful of students are fortunate enough to be reincarnated into another world as nobles, princes, and other kinds of people with prestigious backgrounds.One girl, however, is not so lucky. Being reborn as a spider of the weakest kind, she immediately experiences the hardships of her dire situation. Even so, she must press on to survive the numerous threats that endanger her life. Discovering that her new world has a system like that of an RPG, she tries her best to hunt prey and defeat monsters to level up and evolve. As she gradually grows stronger, she hopes one day her efforts will be rewarded, and that she will be granted a better life.
 A spider attempts to lure a ladybug into his web. When she manages to escape and hide in a tulip, a storm comes that batters the spider, while the ladybug remains safe.

 Overwhelmed by the multitude of issues affecting the earthly plane, the Celestial Empress suggests forging twelve mighty heroes to help ease the daily burden of management. Animals from all across China begin the trek to the legendary Mount Tai to compete in “The Keeper Tournament”. After emerging victorious in the rigorous Guardian Tournament at Mount Tai, each of The Twelve gains the title of “Keepers of the Earthly Realm”.
 Disguising herself as a man to take her father's place, Mulan is a wild and rebellious soldier in the army. As a gifted swords-woman, she also dreams about going out and exploring the world. One day, she is sent on a mission and unexpectedly begins an exciting adventure where she discovers a conspiracy against her country. In the end, she comes to understand the true meaning of being a swordsman and makes herself a hero for her country, and also discovers her true self.
 In the Valley of Peace, Po the Panda finds himself chosen as the Dragon Warrior despite the fact that he is obese and a complete novice at martial arts.
 Po and his friends fight to stop a peacock villain from conquering China with a deadly new weapon, but first the Dragon Warrior must come to terms with his past.
 In the Chinese Spirit Realm, Grand Master Oogway fights against Kai and has his chi stolen. Grand Master Oogway warns Kai that Po, the Dragon Warrior, will stop him.Meanwhile, Master Shifu announces his retirement and passes the role of teacher to Po. He discovers that teaching kung fu is not easy, as the Furious Five members Master Tigress, Master Crane, Master Mantis, Master Viper, and Master Monkey are injured as a result. Po is demoralized as a teacher, but is told by Master Shifu to be himself.
 The isolationist Akane Clan, composed of an all-girls body mainly consisting of young kunoichi in training, has a code to which they all must adhere
 The Amars go on an adventure in the forest.
 It is the year 2100, and on the colonized Moon, a project is under way to explore new aspects of energy. Amami Kurau is the daughter of the chief scientist on the project, and on her 12th birthday, she accompanies her father to the lab to observe the experiments. Then something goes awry, and Kurau is struck by twin bolts of light. In the aftermath, her father is dismayed to find that his daughter is no longer his daughter. Rather, her body is now home to two energy entities with fantastic powers.
 Kurayami Santa overlays animation on archived footage from the 1960s in order to recreate a Showa-era atmosphere. The protagonist, Santa, is tasked with maintaining the balance between the spirit and human worlds.
 Porco Rosso is a veteran WWI fighter pilot turned bounty hunter, who has been transformed into an anthropomorphic pig through a rare curse. He was once known as Marco Pagot while still in his human form, but took up a new alias which suits his current image better, "Red Pig."At the beginning of Kurenai no Buta, Porco is reunited with his long-time friend Gina at a hotel, and unexpectedly falls in love with her. Despite his strange form, Gina shows him all the affection that she can muster. But Porco has a love rival to deal with. An American ace fighter named Curtis is also after Gina's heart, and although she rejects his proposals, he is not about to let her go so easily. During his return flight to Milan, Curtis sneaks up behind Porco's plane and shoots him down. The plane is completely destroyed and Porco is proclaimed dead, but due to a stroke of luck, he barely managed to survive the crash, unbeknownst to others.Porco must now continue his journey back by train, and suddenly discovers that there has been a warrant issued for his arrest in Italy. Not only does he need to find Gina, but he must also get his revenge and also deal with the oncoming war that threatens the whole of Europe.
 Young Sanshiro Kurenai is the proud heir of a judo dojo. One day, he finds his beloved father dead and a glass eye not too far from the corpse. Ready to avenge his father and take his honour back, Sanshiro and his friend Ken start searching for the mysterious one-eyed murderer...
 In the aftermath of a great and terrible war, Haruka finds herself the last surviving human on Earth. Though humanity may have been wiped out, she is not entirely alone. Advanced robots have survived the apocalypse, and Haruka lives with five who care for her
 In the near future, Earth has been devastated by an immense war. Haruka, one of the few survivors, lives in the ruins of Japan. Knowing no other survivors, she lives with five robots. Spike, the youngest robot, serves as her best friend, Cleric advises her, and Angela destroys her enemies.With Toriga, the world's angriest and least effective combat robot, and Reeves, the meanest-looking machine ever to wear a frilly pink apron, they protect her and search for other survivors.
 Fourteen-year-old Kouichi Hayase’s life has always been a mediocre one, if not dismal. However, those days of being bullied by classmates and escaping to a fantasy of being a hero are put to an end when a certain “accident” bestows on him a girl and a gigantic humanoid robot called “LINEBARREL”. The extraordinary power that Kouichi obtains puts him and everything around him on a sudden rollercoaster ride of battles, intrigues and friendship! During the course of his adventure, the boy starts to learn what life has to offer; he meets new friends, bids farewell to the old ones, but most of all he now has considerable responsibilities and is forced to confront the world around him.
 Episodes 25 & 26, added to DVD.
 Half a year after the battle in Okinawa, Excel was looking for a new Mototsumitama to revenge on Reishin. Excel met Mikami and decided to contract with her. Before making the contract, Excel looked back at the encounter with Steiner.
 In this world, there are three identical looking people in existence who split between them an energy-like force called Terra. This energy can be attributed to the amount of Luck or Life Energy that an individual possesses. There also exists beings who observe the human world, maintaining the balance of Terra, known as the Coexistence Equilibrium.These beings possess ability that surpass that of a normal human being and reside in hiding in places known as the Pure Place in tribes. They are called the Terra Guardians. This is a tale of battle that begins with a chance meeting between a human boy named Keita and a young Tera Guardian girl named Kuro.
 Half a year after the battle in Okinawa, Excel was looking for a new Mototsumitama to revenge on Reishin. Excel met Mikami and decided to contract with her. Before making the contract, Excel looked back at the encounter with Steiner.
 Teikou Junior High School's basketball team is crowned champion three years in a row thanks to five outstanding players who, with their breathtaking and unique skills, leave opponents in despair and fans in admiration. However, after graduating, these teammates, known as "The Generation of Miracles", go their separate ways and now consider each other as rivals.At Seirin High School, two newly recruited freshmen prove that they are not ordinary basketball players
 Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket Second Season (both limited and normal editions).
 The third season of Kuroko no Basket.
 Following their triumph against Yousen High, Seirin's basketball team has reached the semifinals of the Winter Cup along with Kaijou, Rakuzan, and Shuutoku. Each of these teams possesses a member of the Generation of Miracles, and Seirin prepares to face the largest obstacles on their path to winning the Winter Cup.In the final season of Kuroko no Basket, Kuroko goes head-to-head with his old teammates once more as he attempts to show them that individual skill is not the only way to play basketball. His firm belief that his form of basketball, team play, is the right way to play the sport will clash with the talents of a perfect copy and an absolute authority.While Kuroko tries to prove that his basketball is "right," he and the rest of Seirin High ultimately have one goal
 Animated bloopers included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season.
 First of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket.
 Second of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket.
 Third of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket.
 Bundled with the 25th volume of Kuroko no Basket manga. The anime based on the Baka Ja Katenai no yo (??????????) story that was featured in the manga’s fifth volume.
 An American street basketball team known as Jabberwock has come to Japan, and mocked the Japanese basketball players after their easy win. Coach Kagetora enlists the help of the only players who can defeat them
 Bundled with the 6 Blu-ray/DVD. It will adapt the 124th chapter of the manga, which depicts when Kuroko and Aomine first met.
 Second Season of Kuroko no Baske.
 Chiyoko Kurotori is a 5th grader who loves the occult. One day, she tries to divine her friend’s “cupid,” but thanks to a stuffy nose summons a witch named Gyubid instead. From that day on, Gyyubid becomes Chiyoko’s magic instructor. She must learn to balance the grueling demands of her training with her normal school life.
 In the anime, Kuromi is traveling the world, searching for her missing older sister Romina. Throughout her journey, she gains companions, but also brushes up against evil organizations.
 During the construction of the Kurobe Dam, an ancient artifact was discovered, and so the United Nations Kurobe Research Institute was established. Intellectuals from all over the world gathered to study the object, and the children of those researchers attend Mt. Tate International Senior High School, including the institute head's daughter, Yukina Shirahane. In the summer of 2016, a lone samurai once again awakens.
 During the dawn of the 21st century, the United Nations Kurobe Research Institute was established in Japan to investigate an ancient artifact, which was discovered during the construction of the Kurobe Dam. Scientists from around the world have gathered in the facility to study the object, while their children enjoy their everyday lives attending Mt. Tate International Senior High School.Yukina Shirahane, a reserved high school girl, is the daughter of the facility's head scientist. While visiting her mother at the facility, Yukina manages to solve part of the artifact's puzzle. To her surprise, what appears before her is Kennosuke Tokisada Ouma, a young samurai from the Sengoku era.As a threat approaches from outer space, Yukina, along with Kennosuke, finds herself defending Earth against the invading forces. Along the way, she discovers the mystery behind Kennosuke and the reason he is determined to protect her.
 In Victorian-era Europe, a young boy loses everything he once held near and dear to a vicious plot. In his moment of death, he strikes a deal with a demon
 In Victorian-era Europe, a young boy loses everything he once held near and dear to a vicious plot. In his moment of death, he strikes a deal with a demon
 In late-nineteenth century England, one year and three months after the dramatic conclusion of the original series, Kuroshitsuji II introduces a new butler and young master. The sadistic yet cheerful Alois Trancy has faced some harsh times. He was kidnapped as a baby, and was forced to work in a village as a slave. Gradually, he lost his parents, his best friend, and everyone he knew. Alois eventually returned home and became the head of his mansion, but seemed to exhibit some strange behavior ever since. Even more curiously, he returned with Claude Faustus, an enigmatic, emotionless butler with unfathomable talent...
 According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases.DVD 2

 In late-nineteenth century England, one year and three months after the dramatic conclusion of the original series, Kuroshitsuji II introduces a new butler and young master. The sadistic yet cheerful Alois Trancy has faced some harsh times. He was kidnapped as a baby, and was forced to work in a village as a slave. Gradually, he lost his parents, his best friend, and everyone he knew. Alois eventually returned home and became the head of his mansion, but seemed to exhibit some strange behavior ever since. Even more curiously, he returned with Claude Faustus, an enigmatic, emotionless butler with unfathomable talent...
 In Victorian London, the breathtaking performances of the Noah's Ark Circus have captured the attention of people all across the city. But the spell of magic and wonderment woven under the big top is not without consequences. Children have suddenly begun to vanish, and some suspect these mysterious performers are responsible. In an attempt to get to the bottom of these disturbing disappearances, the dashing duo of demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, and his young master, Ciel Phantomhive, will infiltrate the circus and uncover whatever darkness may lie at its core!
 Full of wonder and excitement, the Noah's Arc Circus troupe has captured audiences with their dazzling performances. Yet these fantastic acts don't come without a price. Children have mysteriously gone missing around London, correlating to that of the groups' movements. Unsettled by these kidnappings, Queen Victoria sends in her notorious guard dog, Ciel Phantomhive, and his ever-faithful demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, on an undercover mission to find these missing children.Trying to balance their new circus acts with their covert investigation under the big top, however, proves to be quite a challenge. With the other performers growing suspicious and the threat of the circus' mysterious benefactor looming overhead, what the two discover will shake Ciel to his very core.
 Kuro, a 12th-century man, flees into the mountains after losing to his brother, where he meets a strange, beautiful woman named Kuromitsu. Kuro falls in love with Kuromitsu but realizes she conceals a dark secret. She is unable to die and continues to live for thousands of years as Japan evolves into a future society.
 Adaptation of Takashi Noguchi's manga, which itself adapts Baku Yumemakura's supernatural romance novel.The original novel is about a 12th-century man named Minamoto no Yoshitsune (Kurou). Kurou flees into the mountains after losing to his brother Minamoto no Yoritomo, the first Shogun to rule all of Japan. History records that he committed suicide, but instead, Kurou meets a strange, beautiful woman named Kuromitsu in her mountain hermitage. Eventually, Kurou falls in love with Kuromitsu, but then realizes she conceals a dark secret. He learns that he is unable to die and continues to live for a thousand years as Japan evolves into a future society.
 Based on a manga about cats and their sake loving owner.
 The story centers on an RPG that people call "kusoge" ("crap-tier game," referring to games with quirky or badly implemented mechanics and design). The main character Lidays decides to change the game's story, meeting with other characters while the game isn't being played. But as they flub their lines, the situation spirals out of control.
 In an imperial court in ancient China, it has been a few months since a 17-year-old girl known as Maomao was kidnapped and forced to work as a low-level servant at the emperor's palace. Still, she manages to retain her curious and pragmatic spirit, planning to work until her years of servitude are over. One day, however, she catches wind of the fact that the emperor's two infants have fallen gravely ill. She decides to secretly take action, drawing on her experience as a pharmacist raised in the poor red-light district.Despite Maomao's attempts to remain anonymous, she soon catches the eye of Jinshi, an influential eunuch who recognizes her talents. Maomao soon finds herself in the emperor's inner court, where she gradually makes a name for herself by utilizing her knowledge and eccentric personality to solve various medical mysteries.
 Kiiko is your normal girl, besides her secret of being able to move objects with her mind. When a new student named Aaya moves in, Kiiko starts to develop feelings toward her. The two will eventually then start their romantic relationship. Although everything seems fine, Kiiko does not know that Aaya has another secret, a secret that could ruin Kiiko’s feelings and trust for Aaya.
 Irabu Ichiro is a psychiatrist who lives in a colorful alternate version of Tokyo. Patients would visit him to have a counseling on their problems. However each of the patients feel perplex about Ichiro’s behavior. Ichiro wears a bear head mask & is able to change change his appearance from an adult to a kid. Despite Ichiro’s zealous attitude, he does succeed in helping out each of the patients who come to his office.
 Unaired episode bundled with the ninth light novel volume of Kuusen Madoushi Kouhosei no Kyoukan.
 Gulliver, a boy born with the ability to use magic was forced against his will to attend a magician school to improve his abilities to protect his city. He manages to escape just to find out that his home town was destroyed by the evil Judau's army. Judau personally kills his father and oaths to kill Gulliver as well. Meanwhile Gulliver and his friend Eddison rescue a girl named Misty who is running away from Judau. Along with a fairy named Phoebe, a lone wolf ninja named Gecko and an ancient ship; Gulliver and his friends set out on an adventure to defeat Judau and to discover the secrets of Atlantis.
 Dragons, the rulers of the sky. To many people on the surface, they are a dire threat, but at the same time, a valuable source of medicine, oil, and food. There are those who hunt the dragons. They travel the skies in dragon-hunting airships. This is the story of one of those ships, the “Quin Zaza,” and its crew.
 Dragons, the rulers of the sky. To many people on the surface, they are a dire threat, but at the same time, a valuable source of medicine, oil, and food. There are those who hunt the dragons. They travel the skies in dragon-hunting airships. This is the story of one of those ships, the “Quin Zaza,” and its crew.
 eventeen-year-old Mugi Awaya and Hanabi Yasuraoka appear to be the ideal couple. They are both pretty popular, and they seem to suit each other well. However, outsiders don't know of the secret they share. Both Mugi and Hanabi have hopeless crushes on someone else, and they are only dating each other to soothe their loneliness. Mugi is in love with Akane Minagawa, a young teacher who used to be his home tutor. Hanabi is also in love with a teacher, a young man who has been a family friend since she was little. In each other, they find a place where they can grieve for the ones they cannot have, and they share physical intimacy driven by loneliness. Will things stay like this for them forever?
 To the outside world, Hanabi Yasuraoka and Mugi Awaya are the perfect couple. But in reality, they just share the same secret pain
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 After an airplane crash during a school trip, Oribe Mutsumi and her classmates were stranded on a seemingly deserted island. Mutsumi found the other survivors, and used her wilderness knowledge to help them. She expects that they will be rescued in about three days, which doesn't seem so long to endure. However, she didn't account for the fact that the island is populated with gigantic killer insects. Her knowledge of butterflies, wasps, and more may be the only thing that will help any of her classmates survive to be rescued!
 After an airplane crash during a school trip, Oribe Mutsumi and her classmates were stranded on a seemingly deserted island. Mutsumi found the other survivors, and used her wilderness knowledge to help them. She expects that they will be rescued in about three days, which doesn't seem so long to endure. However, she didn't account for the fact that the island is populated with gigantic killer insects. Her knowledge of butterflies, wasps, and more may be the only thing that will help any of her classmates survive to be rescued!
 After an airplane crash during a school trip, Oribe Mutsumi and her classmates were stranded on a seemingly deserted island. Mutsumi found the other survivors, and used her wilderness knowledge to help them. She expects that they will be rescued in about three days, which doesn't seem so long to endure. However, she didn't account for the fact that the island is populated with gigantic killer insects. Her knowledge of butterflies, wasps, and more may be the only thing that will help any of her classmates survive to be rescued!
 The story is about Hyuma Hoshi, a promising young baseball pitcher who dreams of becoming a top star like his father Ittetsu Hoshi in the professional Japanese league. His father was once a 3rd baseman until he was injured in World War II and was forced to retire. The boy would join the ever popular Giants team, and soon he realized the difficulty of managing the high expectations. From the grueling training to battling the rival Mitsuru Hanagata on the Hanshin Tigers, he would have to take out his best pitching magic to step up to the challenge.
 At the young age of 11, Kotoko Iwanaga was abducted by youkai for two weeks and asked to become their "God of Wisdom," a mediator between the spirit and human worlds, to which the girl quickly agreed but at the cost of her right eye and left leg. Now, six years later, whenever youkai wish for their problems to be solved, they make their way to Kotoko for consultation.Meanwhile, Kurou Sakuragawa, a 22-year-old university student, has just broken up with his girlfriend after he fled alone when the two encountered a kappa. Seeing this as her chance to become closer with him, Kotoko immediately makes her move, hoping to get married to Kurou one day. However, she quickly realizes there is something more to Kurou. With this knowledge, she asks for his help in solving the various issues presented by the supernatural, all the while wishing her newfound partner will eventually reciprocate her feelings.
 At the young age of 11, Kotoko Iwanaga was abducted by youkai for two weeks and asked to become their "God of Wisdom," a mediator between the spirit and human worlds, to which the girl quickly agreed but at the cost of her right eye and left leg. Now, six years later, whenever youkai wish for their problems to be solved, they make their way to Kotoko for consultation.Meanwhile, Kurou Sakuragawa, a 22-year-old university student, has just broken up with his girlfriend after he fled alone when the two encountered a kappa. Seeing this as her chance to become closer with him, Kotoko immediately makes her move, hoping to get married to Kurou one day. However, she quickly realizes there is something more to Kurou. With this knowledge, she asks for his help in solving the various issues presented by the supernatural, all the while wishing her newfound partner will eventually reciprocate her feelings.
 Short episodes with super-deformed characters posted on the official Twitter account. Includes the extra episode commemorating the BD/DVD releases.
 Second season of Kyokou Suiri.
 The story is set in Nagasaki prefecture in Minami Shimabara city, the fabled origin of the Shimabara Rebellion that sent shockwaves through all of Japan in the early Edo period. It is also where a third-year junior high school student named Shirou spends his days with his school friends.One summer day, Shirou's older childhood friend Akane returns to Minami Shimabara from Tokyo. Shirou and Akane take a stroll around Minami Shimabara with another longtime friend, Tokiya. While these friends are dealing with nostalgia and more complex feelings, a mysterious creature named Goron suddenly appears before them. This encounter with a mere little creature causes great events to unfold once more in this city...
 Plot Summary
 Kyoshiro to Towa no Sora revolves around the life of Kuu Shiratori, a seemingly normal high school girl who enjoys her school life in the giant city Academia, which is thought of as a symbol of recovery for humanity since already ten years have passed since the greatest disaster mankind had ever seen, occurred. Kuu has recently been having a recurring dream where a prince meets her and takes her away. One day, while all the students at her school are preparing for the upcoming school festival, the prince, whom she has met several times in her dreams, appears. The prince, Kyoshiro Ayanokoji, requests of her just as he had done in Kuu's dreams, "Let's go... together..."
 Based on mystery novels written by Mochizuki Mai.There is an antique shop in Kyoto's Teramachi Sanjou shopping district. High school girl Mashiro Aoi unexpectedly runs into Yagashira Kiyotaka, the son of the shop's owner, and ends up working part-time at the shop. Kiyotaka is called the "Holmes at Teramachi Sanjou," and he and Aoi solve odd cases brought to them by various clients.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Yuri Shibuya was living a pretty normal life. That changed the day he was dunked into a toilet after an attempt to save a classmate from a gang of bullies. Instead of just getting a good soaking, he's pulled in. The next thing he knows, he's in a world that vaguely resembles medieval Europe. If that's not odd enough, he's told that he is to be the next Maoh, just because he has black hair and black eyes. The Maoh is the King of the Mazoku, who are coexisting not-so-peacefully with the humans in this world. Much to his subjects' dismay, he's totally different from the rulers they're accustomed to. He's kind, considerate, a believer in justice, and not willing to use violence to solve conflicts. Not exactly someone they want running a country on the very brink of war. Now, Yuri has to deal with trying to become a good Maoh, while at the same time attempting to adapt to this lands' customs and culture, all in a world where the tension between the humans and Mazoku is reaching its peak.
 Life has returned to some form of normalcy after the end of the series, and so His Majesty Yuuri Shibuya travels to oversee how things are going. While doing so, he runs into the king of Small Shimeron--Sararegi. But it seems there may be something more to him than the friendly king he presents himself as. Yuuri go back to Shimaron to relax and meet some friends, when the "king" of Little Shimaron suddenly joins the group and wants the Maou to come to his country. The Original king sends a message to Yuuri's brother and his friend that Yuuri is in trouble.
 Yuuri returns to Shin Makoku and resumes his position as the Maou. He slowly begins to discover that much has happend while he was away
 Two transfer students, Mitsuhashi Takashi and Itou Shinji, tired of their boring normal life and unpopularity decide to take their arrival at a new school as an opportunity to reinvent their image, and become delinquents! Itou's justice clashing with Mitsuhashi's mischievous ways, they initially antagonize one another but soon become fast friends. The delinquent duo set out on various misadventures to become the greatest delinquents in all Japan!
 Asuka is a cute and clueless high school girl who habitually does things, in all innocence, that seem sexually suggestive to the men around her. Each chapter in "Today's Asuka Show" features a different awkward situation.
 Airing on TV Asahi in 1981, with a running time of 111 minutes, Frankenstein is a reasonably standard retelling of the classic book by Mary Shelley. In a foreboding castle scientist Dr. Victor Frankenstein performs a hideous experiment which he hopes will bring the dead back to life. With the help of his assistant he is successful in reanimating a man recreated from parts gathered from corpses but the creature is unpredictable and horrifying. The doctor flees back to his home in Switzerland leaving his assistant in charge of destroying the monster. But Dr. Frankenstein soon finds that he cannot hide from his shameful secret forever as mysterious murders are committed around him forcing him to question if his creation really is dead and gone...
 Rei Kigata is a first year middle schooler at Ishido Middle School. He is not a believer of any paranormal phenomena such as existence of ghosts or spirits in any kind, but one day at midnight, while he is sleeping, a mysterious newspaper called "Horror News" is delivered to his room. The newspaper tells a story in which one of his teachers at the school will get killed in a car accident the following morning and Kigata will be a witness of the accident. The story turns into a fact in the following day and since then, the mysterious newspaper is delivered everyday. He realizes he is haunted by this newspaper and that his life span would be shortened in 100 days every time he reads it.
 The series of "warm and soothing" anime shorts will follow a cat who is suddenly resurrected from the grave and begins to wander around town. Despite being a zombie, the cat is able to get all the townsfolk to fall in love with it.
 Tired of writing riddles for children, Yamaoka Momosuke plans on gathering spooky and gruesome stories and publishing them in an anthology called Hyakumonogatari ("One Hundred Tales"). While researching these old myths and legends he comes across a mysterious trio who call themselves the Ongyou. They are detectives who are investigating the legends to reveal their truths...and bring those in the wrong to justice. Each time Momosuke meets the Ongyou he must face horrible truths and battle with his morals, but he's seeing things he shouldn't be seeing...
 Tired of writing riddles for children, Yamaoka Momosuke plans on gathering spooky and gruesome stories and publishing them in an anthology called Hyakumonogatari ("One Hundred Tales"). While researching these old myths and legends he comes across a mysterious trio who call themselves the Ongyou. They are detectives who are investigating the legends to reveal their truths...and bring those in the wrong to justice. Each time Momosuke meets the Ongyou he must face horrible truths and battle with his morals, but he's seeing things he shouldn't be seeing...
 The dark fantasy follows a high school sophomore named Akihito Kanbara. Although the boy appears human, he is half youmu and invulnerable to wounds because he can heal quickly. One day, Akihito meets freshman Mirai Kuriyama when it seems she is about to jump from the school rooftop. Mirai is isolated because of her ability to manipulate blood, which is unique even among members of the spirit world. Disturbing events begin to unfold after Akihito saves Mirai.
 The dark fantasy follows a high school sophomore named Akihito Kanbara. Although the boy appears human, he is half youmu and invulnerable to wounds because he can heal quickly. One day, Akihito meets freshman Mirai Kuriyama when it seems she is about to jump from the school rooftop. Mirai is isolated because of her ability to manipulate blood, which is unique even among members of the spirit world. Disturbing events begin to unfold after Akihito saves Mirai.

 The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series.
 The story takes place one year after the TV series. Akihito, half human and half youmu, fights against a new threat that intends on seeking Mirai whilst protecting his closest friends.
 The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series.
 The second part of a two-part movie. The story takes place one year after the TV series.
 Each of the episodes will have the female main characters cast as Chibi Angels who hold a trial for a different character of the series. Akito Kanbara will be the defendant for the first episode.
 A short mini-theater specials included in BD/DVD volumes.

 As a child Sakura Mamiya mysteriously disappeared in the woods behind her grandma's home. She returned whole and healthy, but since then she has had the power to see ghosts. Now a teenager, she just wishes the ghosts would leave her alone! At school, the desk next to Sakura's has been empty since the start of the school year, then one day her always-absent classmate shows up, and he's far more than what he seems!
 As a child Sakura Mamiya mysteriously disappeared in the woods behind her grandma's home. She returned safe and sound, but since then she has had the power to see ghosts. Now a teenager, she just wishes the ghosts would leave her alone! At school, the desk next to Sakura's has been empty since the start of the school year, then one day her always-absent classmate shows up, and he's far more than what he seems!
 The third season of Kyoukai no Rinne.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 The Blu-ray Box set of Kyoukaisenjou no Horizon is slated to have an "all-new bonus animation."
 Second part of Kyoukai Senki.
 Second part of Kyoukai Senki.
 In the far future, humans abandon a devastated Earth and traveled to outer space. However, due to unknown phenomenon that prevents them from traveling into space, humanity returns to Earth only to find it inhospitable except for Japan.To accomodate the entire human population, pocket dimensions are created around Japan to house in the populace. In order to find a way to return to outer space, the humans began reenacting human history according to the Holy book Testament. But in the year 1413 of the Testament Era, the nations of the pocket dimensions invade and conquer Japan, dividing the territory into feudal fiefdoms and forcing the original inhabitants of Japan to leave.It is now the year 1648 of the Testament Era, the refugees of Japan now live in the city ship Musashi, where it constantly travels around Japan while being watched by the Testament Union, the authority that runs the re-enactment of history. However, rumors of an apocalypse and war begins to spread when the Testament stops revealing what happens next after 1648.Taking advantage of this situation, Toori Aoi, head of Musashi Ariadust Academy's Supreme Federation and President of the student council, leads his fellow classmates to use this opportunity to regain their homeland.
 Thousands of years ago the God of destruction ,Enka, died saying thats its child would destroy the world.Thousands of years later the potential children of Enka are found (some human , some not) and take part in the Peaceful Family Operation in order to discover who the true child of Enka is and stop them from destroying the world by teaching them the importance of family love.
 On a school yachting trip, fifteen children of various ages are mysteriously transported to another world where dinosaurs still roam. While attempting to return home, they encounter talking dinosaurs, revolutionaries, pirates, a princess and primitive scientists. These unlikely allies help them escape from soldiers, bandits, vicious dinosaurs, and fanatical priests. Aggression between the two oldest boys leads to a split in ranks, and a sneaky double cross plot. Unlikely romances bloom in this tense atmosphere, and the group learns that each has strengths that can help them get home, if they work together. Losely based on the book Deux ans De Vacances, by Jules Verne from 1888.
 Japan is being besieged by evil Dinosaurs that humanity have long thought extinct, they are back and are creating disaster. To counter the threat, a special team of expert warriors called Izenborg were created. Lamees and Kamal use their special powers to combine into Super Izenborg to battle the evil Satola and his Dinosaur army.
 The comedy series is set in Japan and follows Naoko Watanabe, a typical tween girl aside from the fact that she possesses strange and sometimes troubling powers. When her anger exceeds a maximum level, she turns into Gauko, the fire-breathing dinosaur girl.
 The comedy series is set in Japan and follows Naoko Watanabe, a typical tween girl aside from the fact that she possesses strange and sometimes troubling powers. When her anger exceeds a maximum level, she turns into Gauko, the fire-breathing dinosaur girl.
 The comedy series is set in Japan and follows Naoko Watanabe, a typical tween girl aside from the fact that she possesses strange and sometimes troubling powers. When her anger exceeds a maximum level, she turns into Gauko, the fire-breathing dinosaur girl.
 The comedy series is set in Japan and follows Naoko Watanabe, a typical tween girl aside from the fact that she possesses strange and sometimes troubling powers. When her anger exceeds a maximum level, she turns into Gauko, the fire-breathing dinosaur girl.
 When a meteor crashes to Earth, it briefly changes the climate and dinosaurs once again roam the planet. It's up to a newly formed expedition team to relocate the dinosaurs to a safe environment.
 Shou and his friend, Tetsurou, stumble upon a strange orb-like mechanism, the Guyver Unit, in the woods. It physically bonds with Shou and turns him into the alien soldier, Guyver. His mission is to protect the Guyver Unit from the Japanese corporation known as Chronos. They are after it and two other units just like it. To retrieve the object, they send out vicious monsters known as Zoanoids. So no one is safe in Shou's life; not even himself.
 Sho and his friend Tetsurou stumble upon an odd alien artifact while walking through the woods. Then, the alien artifact breaks free of its metallic bonds and enters Sho's body, turning him into the Guyver. With this new power, Sho must do battle with the evil Chronos corporation and their genetically enhanced Zoanoids, who seek to get the Guyver back into their labs. No one close to Sho is safe from Chronos. He must fight.
 Sho and his friend Tetsurou stumble upon an odd alien artifact while walking through the woods. Then, the alien artifact breaks free of its metallic bonds and enters Sho's body, turning him into the Guyver. With this new power, Sho must do battle with the evil Chronos corporation and their genetically enhanced Zoanoids, who seek to get the Guyver back into their labs. No one close to Sho is safe from Chronos. He must fight.
 Koto and her brothers, A and Un are stuck in a strange city causing massive mayhem through the land called Kyoto but not the Kyoto they are from. They are searching for an atypical rabbit in order to return home. Koto, who is the eldest of the three, seems to have some sort of connection to this weird place ruled by a monk, a demon, and a priest.
 Koto and her brothers, A and Un are stuck in a strange city causing massive mayhem through the land called Kyoto but not the Kyoto they are from. They are searching for an atypical rabbit in order to return home. Koto, who is the eldest of the three, seems to have some sort of connection to this weird place ruled by a monk, a demon, and a priest.
 Vampires are known to have many weaknesses that balance out their incredible power, but the vampire lord Draluc happens to be weak to pretty much anything.The vampire hunter Ronald receives a job to infiltrate the castle of the so-called "Invincible Progenitor" and rescue a woman's son from the monster within. But upon arriving, he is dumbfounded to discover that the vampire quickly turns to ash by something as trivial as a clap of his hands! Moreover, the child he was sent to save had merely wandered in to play the vampire lord's video games while he slept!In a disastrous turn of events, Draluc's castle is destroyed, and the fragile vampire decides to move in with the hunter who has only just defeated him. Ronald, Draluc, and the vampire's pet armadillo John form quite the eccentric team as they are forced to work together while fending off Ronald's violent editor, the lesser vampires plaguing the city, and even their fellow vampire hunters.
 Second season of Kyuuketsuki Sugu Shinu.
 A special unaired episode of Little Busters! sent to those who bought all 9 BD/DVD volumes of the anime. This episode includes the story about "Mask the Saitou."
 NHK's English education program featured the adventures of a puppy named Charo in New York.
 Based on the classic Nemo comic strips by Winsor McCay. A pioneer of animation, McCay created the first Little Nemo animated movie in 1911.Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata were attached to this project at first, but left due to "creative differences." Ray Bradbury is also thought to have left the project in its earlier stages.Little Nemo - Adventures in Slumberland is the first Japanese anime to receive a national (wide) U.S. theatrical release.(Source
 Akko has been fascinated with magic from the moment she had seen her first magic show. Now, she is enrolling into Luna Nova Magic School, a famous school for magic in Europe. However, contrary to her expectations, she is finding that lessons are boring. Magic lessons are staid and conservative, and not at all exciting.One day, an emergency occurs threatening to destroy the school, and it is up to Akko to save the day!
 TV version of Little Witch Academia.
 Sequel to Little Witch Academia.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 A cultivation story about how a declining sect is restored by a narcissist, a troublemaker, a meanie, an idiot and a wimpy kid.
 Encountered double betrayal, she came through hatred.He is weak and depends on the imperial physician to survive.In front of people, he was a short-lived prince, but he was born to be intelligent and unforgettable; After the person, he was resourceful, strategizing, and graceful.The slag male and female are going through, and in this world she needs to find a backing. He is her "opportunity".However, the fate is destined to be his love, this is the curse that spans the millennium, and it will last forever.
 A new story about Nozomi Kasaki and Mizore Yoroizuka.
 Mizore Yoroizuka and Nozomi Kasaki are two close friends who are part of the Kitauji High School music club. Quiet and reserved Yoroizuka plays the oboe while lively and popular Kasaki plays the flute. The group has decided to play Liz and the Blue Bird, a song inspired on a fairy tale about the relationship between a girl and a bird. The musical piece puts both Mizore and Nozomi on the spotlight due to a solo part by Yoroizuka and forces the two girls to reexamine their friendship.
 A quiet, polite, lonely immortal esper about which little is known, he is called "Locke the Superman", but often denies being so. It is not known where or when he was born, and if asked, Locke will say he does not remember. It is entirely possible this is true. However, when asked by Cornelia Prim in "Millennium of the Witch" which star he was from, Locke replied "Toa."He has appeared at various times throughout the history of the galaxy, either as a direct influence, an indirect influence, or a simple observer. Using his esper abilities, Locke can learn and do most things more quickly than a normal human. His power also allows him to remain eternally young, or even turn himself into a child again to be adopted by kind-hearted families. It is speculated he remains youthful as an excuse not to take responsibility for whatever cause he is approached for, since no one expects youths to have such responsibilities.
 Five years after the death of the Emperor of Marmo in the War of Heroes, Parn is now the Free Knight of Lodoss, he and his old allies now famous through the land. However, the Emperor's right-hand man, Ashram, seeks the scepter of domination to re-unify Lodoss under his former leader's banner. Meanwhile, beyond his attempts at conquest lies a more sinister force beginning to set the stage for the resurrection of the goddess of death and destruction...
 Elder Tales is an online fantasy RPG that has become popular worldwide. But when its twelfth expansion package, “Cultivate the Noosphere,” is installed, thirty thousand players in Japan are trapped inside. Among them is grad student Shiroe, who isn’t very good at interacting with others. But to survive in a world full of monsters, he forms a guild called “Log Horizon” with an eclectic group of other players.
 Elder Tales is an online fantasy RPG that has become popular worldwide. But when its twelfth expansion package, “Cultivate the Noosphere,” is installed, thirty thousand players in Japan are trapped inside. Among them is grad student Shiroe, who isn’t very good at interacting with others. But to survive in a world full of monsters, he forms a guild called “Log Horizon” with an eclectic group of other players.
 Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akiba has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Cowen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akiba.It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akiba or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon?
 Veteran gamer Shiroe and other players have been trapped in the world of the online game Elder Tales for six months. The once chaotic city of Akiba has regained its everyday hustle and bustle following the formation of the self-governing organization Round Table Meeting. The earthlings, who are originally from the game world, have gained the trust of Shiroe by waging a defensive war against the Goblins in Zantleaf Region. This has led Princess Rayneshia of the Corwen family, the highest-ranking Earthling Aristocrats, to live in Akiba.It's almost winter and the Adventurers are thinking about what they're going to do and what their goals are in this other world. Will they remain in Akiba or go to the city of the West? Or will they travel to the land of the North or another faraway country? The opinions of the Adventurers begin to diverge. What adventures await the members of the Shiroe team in this second series of Log Horizon?(Source
 Third season of Log Horizon.
 Third season of Log Horizon.
 A town is attacked by a deadly creature, it can only be stopped with the Dragon Blade. The one person who knows where the blade is won't tell Lang, and even if he did, untold peril will fall on anyone who dares to find this legendary weapon.
 Ami Kurata, a first-year university student who has no athletic ability, suddenly falls in love with a folding bicycle after seeing it in front of a train station. Inspired by her newfound love, she starts saving up to buy a bicycle and to learn cycling.
 Dragon Nest Movie 2

 Years after the Fourth Holy Grail War, Waver Velvet becomes the head of the Modern Magecraft Theories department at the Clock Tower, succeeding the title of Lord El-Melloi II. Waver and his apprentice Gray set out to find the truth behind a mysterious shadow that stalks them, while trouble brews among the mages of the Association.
 Years after the Fourth Holy Grail War, Waver Velvet becomes the head of the Modern Magecraft Theories department at the Clock Tower, succeeding the title of Lord El-Melloi II. Waver and his apprentice Gray set out to find the truth behind a mysterious shadow that stalks them, while trouble brews among the mages of the Association.
 Note
 Set in Tokyo, it's January 29, 2030. High-frequency resonance is observed in the vicinity of Tokyo, and the red fog rolls into the city. Those who hear the sound, humans and animals alike, pass out, losing consciousness. Everything shuts down in Tokyo, believing that the fog is carrying an unknown virus that causes an epidemic. However, six days later, after the incident, people wake up as if nothing happened. After that, Tokyo's sealed-off city sections gradually return to normal. However, since the high-frequency resonance, some "bizarre events" start to happen, and people find themselves being pulled deeper into more mysteries. Meanwhile, young people start to become aware of themselves and release their power hidden in their blood, discovering themselves as "vessel of wisdom blood." Together, being led by something unknown, they meet, communicate, and face the unavoidable circle of fate, sacrificing their own lives.
 Set in Tokyo, it's January 29, 2030. High-frequency resonance is observed in the vicinity of Tokyo, and the red fog rolls into the city. Those who hear the sound, humans and animals alike, pass out, losing consciousness. Everything shuts down in Tokyo, believing that the fog is carrying an unknown virus that causes an epidemic. However, six days later, after the incident, people wake up as if nothing happened. After that, Tokyo's sealed-off city sections gradually return to normal. However, since the high-frequency resonance, some "bizarre events" start to happen, and people find themselves being pulled deeper into more mysteries. Meanwhile, young people start to become aware of themselves and release their power hidden in their blood, discovering themselves as "vessel of wisdom blood." Together, being led by something unknown, they meet, communicate, and face the unavoidable circle of fate, sacrificing their own lives.
 Lost Song tells the stories of the cheerful Rin and the reserved Finis, two songstresses who are capable of performing magical songs. Rin grew up in a remote village with her family and was taught to keep her power secret, while Finis lives and performs in the royal palace.Rin's happy and peaceful life is shattered after she saves an injured knight named Henry Leobort with her song of healing. She was seen by soldiers who proceeded to attack her village in hopes of capturing her. With nowhere else to go, she and her inventor brother Al begin a journey to the capital.Finis finds herself falling in love with Henry and, knowing that the greedy and spiteful Prince Lood Bernstein IV desires her, must hide their relationship. She wants to help people with her songs, but with war on the horizon, she worries that Lood will order her to cast her magic in the battlefield. Only time will tell how her destiny and Rin's will intersect, as the two of them struggle to find their paths.
 Kane Blueriver, a trouble contractor, is being hunted by a criminal syndicate named Nightmare because he pilots the Lost Ship Swordbreaker, the only hinderance to Nightmare’s plan to spread the dark lord Dark Star throughout the galaxy.Kane, along with Millie, a girl who dreams to be the “best in the universe,” and Canal, Swordbreaker’s AI, vows to defeat Nightmare, who, besides having a sinister plan, killed Kane’s grandmother many years ago.
 Millie Nocturne has one great goal in life

 A new WIXOSS television series set to air Autumn 2016.
 Virtual reality. Murder. Werewolves. And teen girls! In a future where nothing is as it seems, can old legends come true? In the near future, humans will communicate almost exclusively through monitors, making real interaction a rarefied and weak occurrence for those living in a near totalitarian society. In this new world of communication, children are only allowed to interact personally on school grounds. So when a serial killer starts slaughtering junior high children the communication routes go under further surveillance. And despite all the safeguards put in place to avoid physical interaction, the killer's latest victim turns out to have been in contact with three young girls
 In a future governed through the lens of a camera, where people eat synthetic food and pursue an online existence in lieu of physical contact, a group of children begin meeting up in the real world. The aloof Ayumi Kono, the genius hacker Mio Tsuzuki, and the socially awkward Hazuki Makino set out to find the fourth member of their group, Yuko Yabe, who has gone missing. With the help of Myao Rei, an unregistered citizen proficient in martial arts, they are able to find Yuko. However, when their situation takes a sudden turn for the worse, the group stumbles headlong into a dark mystery that challenges everything they know about their world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Ryou Mizushima enrolls in junior high and joins the badminton club with great vigor. Although the club didn't have a proper coach, Mizushima improved his skills with his own physical strength by the time he participated in the prefectural tournament. Afterwards, he is approached by the Yokohama Minato High School's badminton coach, Ebihara.Indecisive and timid, Mizushima hesitates to attend such a prestigious school. However, with his elder sister Rika giving him a strong push, he decides to go to Yokohama Minato. Now blessed with a coach and idiosyncratic teammates, Mizushima will gain experience he's lacked till now, and aims to win the inter-high tournament.
  Kane Blueriver, a trouble contractor, is being hunted by a criminal syndicate named Nightmare because he pilots the Lost Ship Swordbreaker, the only hinderance to Nightmare’s plan to spread the dark lord Dark Star throughout the galaxy. Kane, along with Millie, a girl who dreams to be the “best in the universe,” and Canal, Swordbreaker’s AI, vows to defeat Nightmare, who, besides having a sinister plan, killed Kane’s grandmother many years ago.
 Plot Summary
 Keitaro Urashima promised a girl when he was young that they would meet up again at Tokyo University in the future. Sadly, in the National Practice Exam, Keitaro ranked 27th from the bottom. Knowing his grandmother owned a hotel, Keitaro intended to stay there while continuing his studies for Tokyo U, only to find out the hotel had long been transformed into an all-girls dormitory. Through an odd twist of fate, Keitaro eventually became the manager of the dorm, beginning his life of living with 5 other girls.
 Plot Summary
 Keitaro has finally passed the entrance exams, and is officially a Toudai student. But after breaking his leg in an accident in the entrance ceremony, he thought and re-evaluated himself. Having new goals, Keitaro follows Seta on an overseas archeology trip. During his absence, however, all was not well in Hinata Lodge. Urashima Kanako, Keitaro's sister, arrives on the scene. She claims to be the new manager of Hinata Lodge starts to go against all the tenants. Things become even more complicated when they recieve a letter from Keitaro. The tenants and Kanako made a big mess trying to get the letter, but Seta's car crashes in before anyone could read the letter...
 As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millenium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve, but being a retaker can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day...The Winter has begun in Hinata. X-mas is coming up. There are rumors about this special christmas eve
 As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millenium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve, but being a retaker can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day...The Winter has begun in Hinata. X-mas is coming up. There are rumors about this special christmas eve
 The tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope to succeed. However, in the final stretch, he fails miserably and daydreams through the test. Assuming that he has failed, he runs away, so the rest of the cast hunts him down on a remote desert island to bring him back.The Toudai entrance exams have finally come (again) for Keitaro. With all his confidence Keitaro sits for the paper, but ends up falling asleep and dreaming about Narusegawa. Waking up with barely any time to complete the paper, Keitaro thinks he will fail the paper and tries to escape from Hinata Lodge and forget all the memories with it. By a stroke of luck he meets Seta, but ends up in a faraway island with the whole cast trying to look for him.
 The tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope to succeed. However, in the final stretch, he fails miserably and daydreams through the test. Assuming that he has failed, he runs away, so the rest of the cast hunts him down on a remote desert island to bring him back.The Toudai entrance exams have finally come (again) for Keitaro. With all his confidence Keitaro sits for the paper, but ends up falling asleep and dreaming about Narusegawa. Waking up with barely any time to complete the paper, Keitaro thinks he will fail the paper and tries to escape from Hinata Lodge and forget all the memories with it. By a stroke of luck he meets Seta, but ends up in a faraway island with the whole cast trying to look for him.
 he tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope to succeed. However, in the final stretch, he fails miserably and daydreams through the test. Assuming that he has failed, he runs away, so the rest of the cast hunts him down on a remote desert island to bring him back.The Toudai entrance exams have finally come (again) for Keitaro. With all his confidence Keitaro sits for the paper, but ends up falling asleep and dreaming about Narusegawa. Waking up with barely any time to complete the paper, Keitaro thinks he will fail the paper and tries to escape from Hinata Lodge and forget all the memories with it. By a stroke of luck he meets Seta, but ends up in a faraway island with the whole cast trying to look for him.
 The project anthropomorphizes rice (kome in Japanese) into schoolboys. At the Kokuritsu Inaho Academy ("Rice Ear Academy," a wordplay on national schools), five new rice-inspired students attempt to supplant bread as the popular grain at the school. The new students form the "Love Rice" unit and challenge themselves to perform at the "Harvest Show" to show the delicious appeal of rice grains. The "heartwarming 'kome'dy with laughs and passion" promises to let audiences rediscover the virtues of rice ("Japan's soul food").
 Second season of Love Kome
 The Fujisaki Girls Academy is known for their school body being composed of very proper students. The most prominent one of them is Maki, the student president who is admired by her classmates for her calm and polite demeanor. On the other hand, Kurahashi Riko is also admired but for having a
 Lin Lu, an excellent student but shy and timid, secretly fell in love with the seniors, and accidentally met a boy named Xia Yi. They knew each other's secrets. In order to keep the secret, these two reached a consensus. Xia Yi began to help Lin Lu get the senior. However, who knows how it goes and where it goes.
 The 2nd Season of the Love Live! School Idol Project TV anime.
 Nijigasaki High School is located in Odaiba, Tokyo. The school is popular due to its free school style and diverse majors. The story centers on the members of school idol club in Nijigasaki, and their attempt to prevent the club from being abolished.
 Buried within the numerous clubs at Nijigasaki High School lies the school idol club. The club, while lacking popularity, definitely does not lack potential. During their debut performance, they were able to seize a sizable audience, along with the attention of their schoolmates Ayumu Uehara and Yuu Takasaki.Enamored, the duo makes their way to join the club; however, they are disappointed to find out that the club had just been disbanded. Nevertheless, Ayumu does not believe that it should have ended there. Together with Yuu, they begin restoring the school idol club, hoping to recreate the idol performances that dazzled them before.Love Live! Nijigasaki Gakuen School Idol Doukoukai shines its spotlight over the reformed school idol club as they recruit both former members of the club alongside newcomers. Taking the first step toward their dreams, how will these girls achieve idol stardom?
 Second season of Love Live! Nijigasaki Gakuen School Idol Doukoukai.
 Second season of Love Live! Nijigasaki Gakuen School Idol Doukoukai.
 Narrated recap of the Love Live! School Idol Project series included on the official Blu-ray fandisc release.
 Uranohoshi Girls' High School, a private school in the seaside neighborhood of Uchiura at Numazu city, Shizuoka prefecture.A small high school in a corner of Suruga Bay, it is home to nine teens, led by second-year student Chika Takami, driven by one seriously big dream
 Uranohoshi Girls' High School, a private school in the seaside neighborhood of Uchiura at Numazu city, Shizuoka prefecture.A small high school in a corner of Suruga Bay, it is home to nine teens, led by second-year student Chika Takami, driven by one seriously big dream
 The second season of the Love Live! spinoff series, Love Live! Sunshine!!
 The second season of the Love Live! spinoff series, Love Live! Sunshine!!
 A sequel to the main series and follows the Aqours girls as they prepare to enroll at a new school. While the first and second years run into some unexpected trouble, the third years end up going mysteriously missing on the way to their graduation trip. Separated, the girls begin to realize the value of their friendships as they attempt to find a solution to their various crises.
 A new television anime series for the Love Live! franchise was announced by animation studio Sunrise on January 28, 2020. The tagline for the new anime reads, "Watashi wo Kanaeru Monogatari. Hello!!! Love Live!"
 Everyone has a dream they strive to achieve, and so does the musically talented Kanon Shibuya. However, due to her stage fright, Kanon fails to make it into Yuigaoka Girls' High School's music program and instead ends up in the general curriculum. Even though Kanon makes the conscious decision to quit music altogether, her classmate Tang Keke rekindles Kanon's passion for music with her own
 Second season of Love Live! Superstar!!.
 Plot Summary
 Otonokizaka High School stands on the border of three cities
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 Naoto Ooizumi is the writer of the CosPrayers TV show, although this is a secret known only to the producer of the show, Mitsuki Ikuta.He has a crush on one of the actresses in the show, Natsumi Yagami. As the show proceeds so does their relationship, with many wacky twists and turns along the way.
 Daydreamer Izumi Sena is the black sheep of his family. With a model for a mother, a singer for a father, and a brother who fronts one of the most popular bands around, you'd think Izumi would be destined for stardom. Despite being born into a family of stars, Izumi has no desire to be in the spotlight, and his only dream is to become a world-class manga artist. But in an unexpected turn of events, Izumi finds himself not only pulled onto the set of a commercial, but forced to dress as a girl! In case the situation wasn't awkward enough, Izumi stumbles into his costar, the handsome Ryoma Ichijo, and it's love at first sight. Or, at least it is for Ryoma, who is so convinced by Izumi's costume, that when the shoot is over, he makes it his life mission to track down the “actress” that sets his heart aflutter. But when Ryoma discovers Izumi's secret, will it be sparks that fly or fists? And will Izumi be able to avoid his destiny as a superstar, or will he be sucked into the same fame-filled life as the rest of his family?
 With an actress mother, producer father, and rockstar brother, anyone would expect Izumi Sena to eventually enter showbiz himself. However, aside from a commercial for a wedding magazine when he was a child, Izumi has never been in the spotlight; instead, he aims to become a manga artist.But a decade after the shoot, the magazine calls for a 10th anniversary ad, requesting the original child actors for the project. This reunites Izumi with Ryouma Ichijou, now a popular actor who, much to Izumi's shock, has been in love with him ever since their first meeting! However, due to Izumi's feminine appearance and unisex name, Ryouma believed the boy was a girl and continues to do so to this day. Izumi's troubles are just beginning, because even after discovering the truth, Ryouma can't seem to shake off his feelings...
 Bundled with volume five of manga.
 A cat demon with a split personality is reincarnated with the memories of her past life. She wishes revenge on her lover from her past life, but upon meeting him finds herself falling all over for him again. What should she do?! A female main character with no sense of moral principles, between an arrogant, abstinent man and the charming, indifferent demon king, who will she choose!
 Lovedol, or Lovely Idol, is a girl group consisting of two generations of idols. The 3rd Generation is about to make its debut, but to their surprise, they have been delayed! The vague reason is only that "they lack something." The manager, and the 3rd Gen. girls too, must find the answer.
 Plot Summary
  Plot Summary
 * Based on a shoujo manga by Nakahara Aya, serialised in Margaret.Risa and Ootani are always being laughed at as the comedy duo. Risa, a girl, is taller than the average girl, and Ootani, a boy, is shorter than the average boy. The two are always bickering and even their teacher sees them as a comedy act. But as their friendship develops, so do Risa's feelings toward Ootani.
 In a forgotten town known as the old capital of Tokyo, strange and mysterious crimes are progressively occuring. These supernatural occurances are beyond comprehension and bring fear and terror to the people.Only one person is not intimidated by the evil underlying these occurances and is willing to challenge them
 Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. Follow his crazy adventures.
 Zhiquiang is a young boy who loves playing League of Legends with his friends. The series follows his crazy adventures.
 In the year L.C. 922, mankind faces an unprecedented crisis. Following the conclusion of a hundred-year war on the mythical world of Tetraheaven, the losing Majins sought a safe haven and invaded the human world Septpia. The government is forced is fight by employing Logicalists belonging to ALCA, a special police that protects the streets from foreigners of another world. Logicalists are given a special power that allows them to enter a trance with Goddesses from the other world.One day, Yoshichika Tsurugi, a civilian who is lacking "Logic" and lives peacefully with his family, meets the beautiful goddess Athena while helping people escape from a Majin attack. She wields the "Logic" that Yoshichika that should have been lost. This leads Yoshichika to an unexpected destiny with Athena.The future of the world depends on the "Luck" and "Logic" and these Logicalists.
 In the year L.C. 922, mankind faces an unprecedented crisis. Following the conclusion of a hundred-year war on the mythical world of Tetraheaven, the losing Majins sought a safe haven and invaded the human world Septpia. The government is forced to fight by employing Logicalists belonging to ALCA, a special police that protects the streets from foreigners of another world. Logicalists are given a special power that allows them to enter a trance with Goddesses from the other world.One day, Yoshichika Tsurugi, a civilian who is lacking "Logic" and lives peacefully with his family, meets the beautiful goddess Athena while helping people escape from a Majin attack. She wields the "Logic" that Yoshichika should have lost. This leads Yoshichika to an unexpected destiny with Athena.The future of the world depends on the "Luck" and "Logic" and these Logicalists.
  Portrays the lives of several school girls attending a Japanese high school with a very loose humor tone. The main heroine is Konata Izumi, an athletic and intelligent girl who, despite these attributes, is not in a sports club, and her grades remain low. Her laziness at school is due to her love for anime and video games, and she is not interested in much else.
 Portrays the lives of several school girls attending a Japanese high school with a very loose humor tone. The main heroine is Konata Izumi, an athletic and intelligent girl who, despite these attributes, is not in a sports club, and her grades remain low.Her laziness at school is due to her love for anime and video games, and she is not interested in much else.
 The story follows a young genius university professor who is able to learn any language. He is asked to decipher a code used in wireless communication
 The story begins on a rainy night, when a homeless little black cat is brought home by a young girl Luo Xiaobai. She names the cat Luo Xiao Hei. However, Luo Xiao Hei is no ordinary cat
 A prequel film to the Luo Xiao Hei Zhan Ji web anime. Viewers will discover how Xiao Hei obtained the last name Luo. It is also expected episode 28 of the web series will be released right before the feature film airs in theaters after a 2 year hiatus.
 Luo Xiaohei is a young monster who normally takes the form of a small black cat. Living freely in the forests, gradual deforestation and human development force him to flee and find a new home. Wandering the city streets, the black cat struggles to survive until he encounters Feng Xi, a fellow monster who takes Xiaohei to an isolated island inhabited by a small group of monsters. Excited to find what he thinks is his new home, Xiaohei lives with the monsters for only a short time before Wuxian, a human Guild Executor, arrives on the island in pursuit of Feng Xi.Feng Xi and his companions manage to teleport off the island, leaving Xiaohei and Wuxian alone. Though Xiaohei refuses to cooperate with the man who attacked his friends, Wuxian forces the black cat to travel to the Guild along with him. Embarking on an uncertain journey, Xiaohei is exposed to a new perspective on the relations between humans and monsters in a rapidly changing world.
 Second season of Luo Xiao Hei Zhan Ji.
 Japan's last Shogun warrior has cleverly hidden a secret treasure worth $20 billion. Conveniently, hints of its location can be found in two portraits of him, in the form of large, etched plates. The usual cast sets out to search in two groups, Lupin with his cohorts and Goemon with Fujiko, all hungry for the sweet taste of victory. But of course, the task is no cinch.A mysterious reporter named Maria joins in the frantic search and, with an ESP-like power to see the future, winds up a key player. She's also important to theme park owner Michael Suzuki, who is believed to possess one of the plates. Marvel as Lupin operates with his usual charisma and smooth style in the wild pursuit of the city's most valuable hidden treasure.
 Arsene Lupin III is the grandson of the master thief Arsene Lupin. With his cohorts Daisuke Jigen and Goemon Ishikawa XIII and his love interest Fujiko Mine, he pulls off the greatest heists of all time while always escaping the grasp of Inspector Koichi Zenigata.
 Lupin will be starring as the main character in this upcoming series set to take place in Italy and San Marino.Reflecting its setting, the anime will debut in Italy before airing in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now has a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) or pink (third series).
 Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Lupin III (2015).
 The special's story centers on the kidnapping of Rebecca Rossellini, a beautiful business owner who is a featured character in the new Lupin III TV anime series that is currently airing. Upon hearing of her kidnapping, Lupin rushes to her rescue. Additionally, Lupin receives a written challenge from a mysterious person named "The Masked Count" suggesting a contest
 Jigen tells the story of the gang's first meeting. Jigen, still a member of the Mafia, is hired to protect an ancient artifact - one that Lupin and Fujiko are both trying to steal. Meanwhile, Inspector Zenigata, then of the Japanese police force, has come to the U.S. on Fujiko's trail, and Ishikawa Goemon is searching for the lost treasure of his clan.
 Arsene Lupin III is the grandson of the master thief Arsene Lupin. With his cohorts Daisuke Jigen and Goemon Ishikawa XIII and his love interest Fujiko Mine, he pulls off the greatest heists of all time while always escaping the grasp of Inspector Koichi Zenigata.
 Arsene Lupin III is the grandson of the master thief Arsene Lupin. With his cohorts Daisuke Jigen and Goemon Ishikawa XIII and his love interest Fujiko Mine, he pulls off the greatest heists of all time while always escaping the grasp of Inspector Koichi Zenigata.
 In a country called Vesparand, a new mineral with super stealth properties has been discovered which attracts Lupin's attention. At the same time the untimely deaths of Queen Sakura and her son, Prince Gill, leave Princess Mira next in succession to the throne. During a trip to Japan, Princess Mira finds her double in Ran and takes the opportunity to trade places, which ends with Ran being spirited away to Vesparand with Conan, Zenigata, Kogoro Mouri, Lupin and Fujiko in tow. There they meet a waiting Jigen and solve the mystery of the deaths of the Queen and Prince.
 Lupin sets his sights on the legendary big jewel, the Cherry Sapphire, and Conan sets out to stop him. There is a certain mysterious Alan Smithee lurking in the background of the case.
 Lupin & co. compete with a greedy bank president and her goons to solve the mystery leading to a broach, a treasure said to be behind the success of history's most powerful rulers.
 Lupin & co. compete with a greedy bank president and her goons to solve the mystery leading to a broach, a treasure said to be behind the success of history's most powerful rulers.
 When Fujiko acquires and memorizes papers called the Columbus Files, she is attacked and loses her memory. Lupin, a treasure hunter named Rosaria, and the cackling villain Nazaroff all pursue Fujiko, as she is the only key to the location of Columbus' Egg, a treasure connected to the mysterious Orgone Energy.
 Zenigata arrives on the ship "Machine Gun Kelly", a casino on the water owned by the mafia, because Lupin plans on stealing the casino's money. Lupin and his gang manages to break into the ship's vault but was unable to escape with the money due to Zenigata's shooting. However, there was another purpose the ship had, one that Lupin was aware of; to search for a sunken ship filled with gold. Lupin managed to steal this data while he was on the ship, however, now they have to contend with Zenigata, the mafia, and a secret organization whose base is under Alcatraz, as they attempt to uncover the secret behind the organization and the sunken treasure.
 Mysterious Babylonian Tablets unearthed in Manhattan provide tantilizing clues about the location of the Tower of Babel - not the biblical one, but the original one, built out of solid gold!The Mob is out to get the gold, but so is Lupin III.It's Thugs vs. Thieves when Lupin & Co. go up against a fearsome flyswatting Polish Mafia boss, a bevy of beauty-contest policewomen, Zenigata, the hard-luck Interpol Inspector, a mysterious bag-lady AND his own girl-friend in a trans-continental trust-nobody trek after a treasure of biblical proportions!
 Mysterious Babylonian Tablets unearthed in Manhattan provide tantilizing clues about the location of the Tower of Babel - not the biblical one, but the original one, built out of solid gold!The Mob is out to get the gold, but so is Lupin III.It's Thugs vs. Thieves when Lupin & Co. go up against a fearsome flyswatting Polish Mafia boss, a bevy of beauty-contest policewomen, Zenigata, the hard-luck Interpol Inspector, a mysterious bag-lady AND his own girl-friend in a trans-continental trust-nobody trek after a treasure of biblical proportions!
 Two jewels are the key to the ancient treasure of Yaobikuni. But legend has it that the only person who can find the treasure is one who can walk the path of death.And why is Lupin interested? This is the one treasure his grandfather sought but did not steal.
 In this adventure, Lupin III tries to erase the files about him in the world police network. He finds out about the Ultravirus, a computer virus that controls all others and its location is only known by a little kid. Meanwhile, he steals the Statue of Liberty to look for a diamond the size of a football that is said to be hidden somewhere in it. Apparently, the diamond and the ultravirus are somehow related...
 In this adventure, Lupin III tries to erase the files about him in the world police network. He finds out about the Ultravirus, a computer virus that controls all others and its location is only known by a little kid. Meanwhile, he steals the Statue of Liberty to look for a diamond the size of a football that is said to be hidden somewhere in it. Apparently, the diamond and the ultravirus are somehow related...(Source
 Two jewels are the key to the ancient treasure of Yaobikuni. But legend has it that the only person who can find the treasure is one who can walk the path of death.
 2011
 Lupin, Goemon, and Jigen take a mini-helicopter and head to the mysterious “Drifting Island” looking for a treasure rumored to be hidden somewhere on it. Through their exploration of the island, the trio encounters the lethal “Nanomachine,” the island’s security system. The trio triggers the alarm, springing “the Nanomachine” to life. The key to solving the island’s mystery lies in the small nation of Zufu. This once prosperous nation is now ruled by the ruthless, knife-collecting, General Headhunter. Fujiko does her usual probing and hacks into General Headhunter’s computer hoping to find some crucial information. Zenigata has received a video message from Lupin in which Lupin announces his desire for the priceless treasure. Oleander, a fiery blond officer with some hidden secrets of her own, steps in to help Zenigata. Armed with their newly found information, Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko go back to “Drifting Island,” but this time they are followed by General Headhunter.
 Lupin, Goemon, and Jigen take a mini-helicopter and head to the mysterious “Drifting Island” looking for a treasure rumored to be hidden somewhere on it. Through their exploration of the island, the trio encounters the lethal “Nanomachine,” the island’s security system. The trio triggers the alarm, springing “the Nanomachine” to life. The key to solving the island’s mystery lies in the small nation of Zufu. This once prosperous nation is now ruled by the ruthless, knife-collecting, General Headhunter. Fujiko does her usual probing and hacks into General Headhunter’s computer hoping to find some crucial information. Zenigata has received a video message from Lupin in which Lupin announces his desire for the priceless treasure. Oleander, a fiery blond officer with some hidden secrets of her own, steps in to help Zenigata. Armed with their newly found information, Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko go back to “Drifting Island,” but this time they are followed by General Headhunter.
 A terriost group claiming to be a cult, going by the lost prophecies of Nostradamus, is causing havoc through the world. They will predict a disaster to their people, and secretly will cause the problem. They also are going to do this in order to get the current leader in the polls to be the next President to drop from the running.The man is Douglas, and he owns the largest building in the world. Its big enough to have its own city inside, including a sports arena! In the top floor of the building lies to real lost book of Nostradamus. Lupin wants the book because of its high value, and after a first unsuccesful attempt, he goes to other means.He goes undercover to a prison on a remote island. There is an old friend of Lupin's and he goes to try to figure out how to obtain the lost book. Of course while escaping, he runs into trouble with the terriost group.
 Buried deep in a labyrinth of tunnels and caves under the Mediterranean Sea rests an invaluable object said to be linked to Christopher Columbus. The relic, an ornate egg, is the source of a unique and powerful energy, promising great wealth to the finder. Always eager for a challenge, Lupin heads out to find it with pals Goemon, Fujiko and Jigen, plus rival treasure hunter Rosalia. Of course the task is anything but simple. A pack of thugs sporting a heavily armed submarine is after the same egg, with the intention of using its energy to cause catastrophic changes to the Earth's weather systems. And to further complicate matters, Rosalia is struck with the revelation that the chief thug is her own father.
 Goemon's wedding to Murasaki Inabe, daughter of a samurai clan's leader, is interrupted when the Fuma ninjas attack, kidnapping the bride-to-be and demanding her family's ancient treasure as ransom. Lupin, Jigen, Goemon and Fujiko work together once again to try to save Murasaki and get to the treasure before the Fuma can steal it.
 Goemon's wedding to Murasaki Inabe, daughter of a samurai clan's leader, is interrupted when the Fuma ninjas attack, kidnapping the bride-to-be and demanding her family's ancient treasure as ransom. Lupin, Jigen, Goemon and Fujiko work together once again to try to save Murasaki and get to the treasure before the Fuma can steal it.
 The new TV special will be about the battles against Jigen, who aims for Lupin who searches for the treasure. Goemon, who is angry because he cannot forgive betrayal of Jigen, will fight along with Lupin against the strongest enemy in the history.
 The new TV special will be about the battles against Jigen, who aims for Lupin who searches for the treasure. Goemon, who is angry because he cannot forgive betrayal of Jigen, will fight along with Lupin against the strongest enemy in the history.
 Word is out that the Hemingway Papers, the newly discovered last novel by the great author, tells the hiding place of a buried treasure on a desolate Mediterranean island. Lupin sneaks onto the island where, instead of treasure-hunting, he finds himself embroiled in a violent struggle for power. To Lupin's surprise, his old buddies Jigen and Goemon are also in the fight for their own reasons. Marcus the Merchant of Death also lands on the island accompanied by Fujiko, Lupin's greatest weakness, and followed by the police inspector, who is forever on Lupin's tail.
 Lupin & co. attempt to steal two face plates from millionare Michael Sizuki, thinking that they will lead to an ancient treasure when brought together. However, it soon becomes apparent that there is more behind the plates then meets the eye.
 Lupin & co. attempt to steal two face plates from millionare Michael Sizuki, thinking that they will lead to an ancient treasure when brought together. However, it soon becomes apparent that there is more behind the plates then meets the eye.
 After a diamond heist in Brazil, Lupin hides the gem in a doll and boards a plane headed out of the country. While on board, the doll is stolen by a little girl named Julia, whose nanny is none other than Fujiko Mine. Before Lupin can get the doll back, the plane is hijacked and the girl is kidnapped. The kidnappers are after the same thing that Fujiko is after - a book of Nostradamus prophecies hidden in Julia's father's tower. Lupin and the gang join forces to save the girl, get the diamond back, and discover the secrets surrounding the strange book.
 After a diamond heist in Brazil, Lupin hides the gem in a doll and boards a plane headed out of the country. While on board, the doll is stolen by a little girl named Julia, whose nanny is none other than Fujiko Mine. Before Lupin can get the doll back, the plane is hijacked and the girl is kidnapped. The kidnappers are after the same thing that Fujiko is after - a book of Nostradamus prophecies hidden in Julia's father's tower. Lupin and the gang join forces to save the girl, get the diamond back, and discover the secrets surrounding the strange book.(Source
 Inspector Zenigata has been removed from the Lupin case which leaves him despondent, and he ends up drinking with Lupin & Jigen. Lupin decides that he and his gang should work with Zenigata to solve his new case, investigating a group of arms dealers known as Shot Shell. Lupin gathers his partners together (Jigen, Goemon, & Fujiko), and with Zenegata they steal a Russian submarine. They kidnap a scientist named Karen Korinsky to help them operate the sub, and also to protect her from Shot Shell. Meanwhile the ICPO assigns a man named Keith Hayden to the Lupin case, and unlike Zenigata he wants Lupin and his group dead. Where ever Lupin and friends go, Keith follows, as the officer attempts to pick them off one by one.
 Inspector Zenigata has been removed from the Lupin case which leaves him despondent, and he ends up drinking with Lupin & Jigen. Lupin decides that he and his gang should work with Zenigata to solve his new case, investigating a group of arms dealers known as Shot Shell. Lupin gathers his partners together (Jigen, Goemon, & Fujiko), and with Zenegata they steal a Russian submarine. They kidnap a scientist named Karen Korinsky to help them operate the sub, and also to protect her from Shot Shell. Meanwhile the ICPO assigns a man named Keith Hayden to the Lupin case, and unlike Zenigata he wants Lupin and his group dead. Where ever Lupin and friends go, Keith follows, as the officer attempts to pick them off one by one.
 Lupin, the master thief/spy/Jack of all Trades, has been executed, but he is still alive, and not even Lupin himself knows how that is possible. While trying to figure out, however, he and his gang are thrust into a conspiracy involving clones, Lupin's un-trustworthy rival Fujiko, and a miniature madman's plot to take over the world.
 Lupin, the master thief/spy/Jack of all Trades, has been executed, but he is still alive, and not even Lupin himself knows how that is possible. While trying to figure out, however, he and his gang are thrust into a conspiracy involving clones, Lupin's un-trustworthy rival Fujiko, and a miniature madman's plot to take over the world.
 A 50th anniversary project.
 Special included with the Lupin 40th anniversary Blu-ray set.
  Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There he lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching woman who has the leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fumiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest theif of his generation.
 A Hong Kong crime boss contracts Lupin, Fujiko and Jigen to recover a legendary dragon statue that sunk with the Titanic. Unfortunately for them, the dragon is a treasure of Goemon's clan, said to have power exceeding that of his Zantetsuken sword; he resolves to protect the statue at all costs, even if it means killing his old friends.
 Lupin has a lively time of it this time in a classic car race from Madrid to Paris. The race prize is Napoleon's dictionary, which contains the key to the Treasure of the Empire, something that just about everybody seems to be after. Lupin and his buddies take off after the prize, pursued not only by the perennial Inspector, but also by an army of secret agents from around the world. Classic cars and state-of-the-art weapons heighten the speed and thrills of this adventure.
 In the middle of an airborne heist, Lupin goes from stealing to stolen as he's carted off and forced to do a job for a mysterious man identifiable only by the brand of cigarette he smokes. Lupin's mission
 Lupin III chronicles the adventures of Arsene Lupin III, the world's greatest thief, and his partners in crime
 Lupin is the main character in this series which takes place in Italy and San Marino.Reflecting its setting, the anime debuted in Italy before it aired in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now dons a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) and pink (third series).
 Two years after the birth of the manga a pilot film was released. It was a brief film of only 13 minutes that had the purpose of assay the response to a possible future anime realization of Lupin III. The pilot opens with a challenge call from Lupin to Zenigata from a public phone.
 A remastered version of the Pilot film, realised in 1978, re-photographed in cinemascope and re-dubbed for being screened in cinema before of 1st movie [Mamoo's 1st copy]. In 1989, it was included on the Lupin III - Secret File OVA.
 The story is set in Shahalta, a tiny European city-state floating in the air with practically no contact with the outside world for years. The government is transitioning from a monarchy to a republic, and to celebrate the occasion, a national treasure exhibition is being held. Lupin infiltrates the exhibition for the secret royal treasures, but not before sky pirates snatch them first.
 New Special of Lupin III, to be aired as a part of Friday Roadshow on November 29, 2019.The episode will focus on Lupin's gang descending upon the Kingdom of Doruente in order to rescue a famous thief who has been detained. While this takes place, the most notorious thieves from around the world gather in the kingdom.
 This time Lupin is after 500 tons of gold bullion that used to belong to the House of Romanov, the last rulers of the Russian Empire. His only clue is a code in an old book that a cipher machine has broken down to the words "Bank of Liberty." As always, whenever Lupin's involved, the situation gets complicated. This adventure takes him through the USA and Russia, with loads of action and classic Lupin-style escapades along the way.
 Stolen from the famous "secret" Air Force base, Area 51, Lupin's most recently stolen treasure holds a secret. Four "Bloody Angels," the toughest women Lupin has ever faced, want the treasure for their own terrorist purposes. Meanwhile Zenigata teams up with a female police officer to hunt Lupin and the terrorists down.
 Lupin and Jigen have just pulled off another million-dollar heist - only to find out that all one million dollars of it are counterfeit money from Cagliostro! Cagliostro has supplied the world with counterfeit money of all nationalities for decades, only surviving because of the global economy's strong dependence on the faux dough.Shortly after crossing Cagliostro's borders, Lupin encounters the lovely princess of Cagliostro, hotly pursued by the Duke of Cagliostro's cronies - and loses her to the Duke's men who imprison her in his heavily-fortified castle. A bit of inquiry reveals that the Duke has plans to marry the princess against her wishes... and perhaps other plans as well, one involving finding a priceless treasure lost for centuries.A beautiful damsel in distress, an evil Count to be smote, a lost treasure, and the biggest counterfeiting racket on the face of the earth... this is an order just too big for Lupin to resist! But it will take the combined effort of Lupin and all of his friends - Jigen, Goemon, Fujiko, the courageous and selfless Princess herself, and even the relentless Inspector Zenigata - to thwart the Duke's plans and save the day! Excitement and mayhem are in store!
 The iconic "gentleman thief" Lupin III returns in an action-packed, continent-spanning adventure, as Lupin III and his colorful underworld companions race to uncover the secrets of the mysterious Bresson Diary, before it falls into the hands of a dark cabal that will stop at nothing to resurrect the Third Reich. The gang undertakes trap-filled tombs, aerial escapades, and daring prison escapes with the trademark wit and visual finesse that have made Lupin the 3rd one of the most storied animation franchises in the world, in a thrilling new caper that is sure to delight fans old and new.
 Summary
 A dying mob boss entrusts Lupin with a diamond that supposedly is the key to a vast treasure. But when Lupin is attacked by an assassin and saves a mysterious girl from trouble, it becomes clear that that there's more to this treasure then meets the eye...
 A dying mob boss entrusts Lupin with a diamond that supposedly is the key to a vast treasure. But when Lupin is attacked by an assassin and saves a mysterious girl from trouble, it becomes clear that that there's more to this treasure then meets the eye...
 Zenigata arrives at the birthday party of an important politician to investigate a fake Lupin calling card. Lupin shows up as well. Suddenly, masked assassins break in and begin to shoot everything that moves. Zenigata goes after Lupin amidst all the gunfire and corners him in the courtyard of the house. Suddenly, a hand holding a Walther P-38 pops out of a window and shoots Zenigata in the chest. Lupin recognizes the Walther as his own and decides to investigate. The assassins that attacked the party are from a hidden island called the Island of Assassins. The island is kept secret by the help of top government officials from around the world who use the assassins on the island for their own personal gains. There are lots of hidden secrets on the island, however, and Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko find themselves involved in a plot that tears the residents of the island in half. The movie also delves into Lupin's past in his pre-Jigen days.(Source
 Zenigata arrives at the birthday party of an important politician to investigate a fake Lupin calling card. Lupin shows up as well. Suddenly, masked assassins break in and begin to shoot everything that moves. Zenigata goes after Lupin amidst all the gunfire and corners him in the courtyard of the house. Suddenly, a hand holding a Walther P-38 pops out of a window and shoots Zenigata in the chest. Lupin recognizes the Walther as his own and decides to investigate. The assassins that attacked the party are from a hidden island called the Island of Assassins. The island is kept secret by the help of top government officials from around the world who use the assassins on the island for their own personal gains. There are lots of hidden secrets on the island, however, and Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko find themselves involved in a plot that tears the residents of the island in half. The movie also delves into Lupin's past in his pre-Jigen days.
 Series of 10 shorts parodying the popular classic anime Lupin III.
 The Dragon of Doom has kept its secret inside the sunken Titanic for over eighty years. But when there's a treasure of immeasurable value at stake, some people just can't let the past lie still!While taking a breather in Tokyo, Lupin and Jigen are carefully tracked by Hong Kong's nastiest gangster kingpin. And after Goemon's peaceful night at the theatre is turned into a ninja battleground, the guys find themselves thrown into an international race to find the dragon!But a shadow from Goemon's past stirs up his thoughts of destiny. He knows he must protect the Dragon of Doom, even if it means ending the lives of his friends in the process.From Tokyo to Paris to the deepest fathoms of the Atlantic Ocean, join Goemon, Jigen, Fujiko, and Lupin as they rush for the treasure and dodge the bad guys... Only this time their friends might just be enemies, too!
 Lupin's friend, the samurai Goemon Ishikawa, takes a job as bodyguard for a yakuza boss. But a brutal assassin kills the yakuza and Goemon is honor-bound to track him down.
 Lupin's friend, the samurai Goemon Ishikawa, takes a job as bodyguard for a yakuza boss. But a brutal assassin kills the yakuza and Goemon is honor-bound to track him down.
 The film will be a continuation spinoff of the 2012 "Lupin III
 The film will be a continuation spinoff of the 2012 "Lupin III
 Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There he lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching woman who has the leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fujiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest thief of his generation.(Source
 A 50th anniversary project.
 How did this young boy become notorious gentleman thief "Lupin III"?Loosely based on Young Lupin III from the original manga, Lupin Zero will tell a nostalgic, yet brand new original story, finally lifting the veil cast upon Lupin III's humble beginnings. Set during the era in which the original series was first published, the anime depicts Young Lupin III running around the streets of 1960's Japan during the country's economic boom.A young boy climbs the staircase to villainhood. What was he thinking and what steps did he take? This is the untold origin story of the world's greatest thief.
 Ten years ago, the hero Max defeated the Demon Lord. In order to regain his power, the Demon Lord went into a deep slumber...but when he awakens, his body is only a chibi version of its fearsome form. Now curious to see what his enemy is up to, the Demon Lord visits Max, only to discover the mighty hero living in a dirty one-room apartment. The Demon Lord decides to move in with Max and help his old enemy become a formidable opponent once more!
 The world as we know it is actually just half the story, as Takeshi Nanase finds out abruptly one summer morning. On his way to kendo practice, Takeshi comes across an unconscious girl in a uniform he doesn't recognize. Takeshi does the decent thing and saves her, and in return the girl wakes up and accidentally turns him into a magic-user.As Takeshi finds out, there is the world he lives in and the world of magic users. Most magic users just want to peacefully coexist with non-magicians, but there are some with bigger ambitions. Mui Aiba is a magician enrolled in the Subaru Magic Academy, where magic users can learn to control and channel their powers and how to live in peace with regular humans. After his fateful encounter with Mui, Takeshi and his newly magician friends Kurumi Isoshima and Kazumi Ida decide to enroll in the Magic Academy as well.All three friends have different reasons for fighting on, whether they're fighting to escape the past or catch up to the future. They wield different kinds of powers, which they must learn to harness in order to fight off the Ghost Trailers, a group of magicians who are willing to use violence to assert their superiority over humans.Pursued by the Ghost Trailers, Takeshi and his friends must train to become stronger, face the leader of the Trailers, and prevent the beginning of the Second Great Magic War.
 The highly popular social network game "Magical Girl Raising Project" is a miraculous game that produces real Magical Girls with a chance of 1 in 10000 for each person. Girls who are lucky enough to gain the power of magic spend fulfilling days. But one day, the administration arbitrarily announces that "There are too many magical girls so they will be halved." The curtain will now be raised on the relentless and merciless survival game between 16 magical girls.
 The highly popular social network game "Magical Girl Raising Project" is a miraculous game that produces real Magical Girls with a chance of 1 in 10000 for each person. Girls who are lucky enough to gain the power of magic spend fulfilling days. But one day, the administration arbitrarily announces that "There are too many magical girls so they will be halved." The curtain will now be raised on the relentless and merciless survival game between 16 magical girls.
 Lalabel is a magical girl who arrives in the Human world to stop an evil wizard from stealing various magical objects or items. As a magical girl, she has a kitty for a companion and a magic wand. Coincidentally, she lands on the doorstep of the Tachibana couple and lives in with them during her stay in the human world. She attends the local school and begins to learn about the different things in the human world.
 After solving the incident of the scattered Jewel Seeds, Nanoha Takamachi happily returns to her everyday life, though now with added magic practice in the morning. Exchanging video messages with Fate Testarossa and the crew of the Arthra, Nanoha eagerly awaits the chance to speak with them in person again. But while studying in her room one day, Raising Heart suddenly calls out to Nanoha and warns her of an incoming attack!The attacker is a young girl named Vita, who calls herself a Belka Knight. She proves her strength by using an intelligent device with a mysterious cartridge system to quickly overwhelm Nanoha. Luckily, the Space-Time Administration Bureau is able to step in before she is completely crushed. Vita and her fellow knights Shamal, Signum, and Zafila are on a mission to steal magical power from mages in order to complete the Book of Darkness, one of the Lost Logia. For what sinister purpose are the knights after this Book of Darkness?
 After the events of the Lost Logia case, Nanoha waits patiently for the day she can reunite with her newfound friend, Fate. Although being an exceptionally powerful mage, Nanoha spends her days normally with her friends on Earth. But peace is once again suddenly shattered, as Nanoha is without warning attacked by a powerful mage. A group of violent mages have been attacking anything with magic power for their own goals. Nanoha and Fate, along with their friends Yuuno, Arf, Chrono and the Space/Time Administration Bureau must once more band together to stop these renegade mages from hurting anyone or anything else. Takes place after the first season of Lyrical Nanoha.
 Set four years after StrikerS, Nanoha finally has time to get off her feet. Now explore the Nanoha world in Vivio Takamichi's shoes and her device, Sacred Heart.

 This film, unlike 1st and 2nd, have a brand new original story using elements from other media, such as the manga Nanoha Force (for Bardiche and Raising Heart new design) and the PsP game Gears of Destiny, as the Florian sisters are introduced here. It's the first part of a two-part story.
 Takamachi Nanoha is a normal third-grader who feels a little useless and out-of-place with no purpose. Then one day, she saves a ferret, who turns out to be a mage from another planet who came to this planet to search for the jewel seeds. Nanoha agrees to help, but this task gets complicated when another girl arrives to steal them.Source
 After the events of the Lost Logia case, Nanoha waits patiently for the day she can reunite with her newfound friend, Fate. Although being an exceptionally powerful mage, Nanoha spends her days normally with her friends on Earth. But peace is once again suddenly shattered, as Nanoha is without warning attacked by a powerful mage. A group of violent mages have been attacking anything with magic power for their own goals. Nanoha and Fate, along with their friends Yuuno, Arf, Chrono and the Space/Time Administration Bureau must once more band together to stop these renegade mages from hurting anyone or anything else. Takes place after the first season of Lyrical Nanoha.
 Madoka, an ordinary second year of Third Takihara Junior High; one day, a girl named Homura that looks exactly as she appears in Madoka’s dream transferred to her school. From that meeting with a miraculous girl, Madoka have to stand against her new fate as a magical girl
 First two films are a compilation of the television series and the third film is an all-new story.Urobuchi Gen said that the third film's story coincidentally matches the lyrics to Kalafina's television ending theme song Magia if one examines them carefully.
 First two films are a compilation of the television series and the third film is an all-new story.Urobuchi Gen said that the third film's story coincidentally matches the lyrics to Kalafina's television ending theme song Magia if one examines them carefully.
 First two films are a compilation of the television series and the third film is an all-new story.Urobuchi Gen said that the third film's story coincidentally matches the lyrics to Kalafina's television ending theme song Magia if one examines them carefully.
 Madoka Kaname and Sayaka Miki are regular middle school girls with regular lives, but all that changes when they encounter Kyuubey, a cat-like magical familiar, and Homura Akemi, the new transfer student.Kyuubey offers them a proposition
 Madoka Kaname and her best friend Sayaka Miki are ordinary middle school students in the city of Mitakihara. But one day, they encounter a strange cat-like creature named Kyuubey, who claims he can grant them one wish. In exchange, they would become magical girls and fight against evil perpetrated by witches. A veteran magical girl in the area, Mami Tomoe, decides to show them how to hunt witches, while the mysterious transfer student Homura Akemi warns them to not take Kyuubey's deal, though she refuses to say why.After witnessing Mami's demise at the hands of a witch, the girls decide it may be safer to decline Kyuubey's offer. But when another girl arrives to take Mami's place and Sayaka decides to make a wish to help the one she loves, things quickly escalate as they are confronted with the harsh truth behind their powers and the ultimate price of their wishes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Though Sayaka Miki's wish was fulfilled, the unforeseen consequences that came with it overwhelm her, causing her soul gem to become tainted as she succumbs to despair and eventually loses her humanity. Homura Akemi reveals to Kyouko Sakura and Madoka Kaname the ultimate fate of magical girls

 Set in a dystopic near future where otaku culture in Japan has been obliterated by a mysterious organization known as "SSC", Magical Girl Destroyers follows the misadventures of Otaku Hero - a young revolutionary who loves otaku culture - and Anarchy, Blue, and Pink, a trio of magical girls who admire him. Together they struggle to create "a world where you can say what you like about what you like as much as you like
 Yuzuka Hanami is approached by a mysterious creature that tells her she has the makings of becoming a magical girl. However, Yuzuka's magical form has her wearing a swimsuit.
 Second season of Mahou Shoujo Nante Mou Ii Desukara.
 Hiiragi Utena has always looked up to magical girls and fantasized about transforming into a cool heroine who fights evil. So, when a doll-like figure approaches her one evening, claiming that she has magical power lying dormant within, she trembles in excitement. But her colorful dream is quickly shattered in an ironic turn of events when she transforms into a villain!Disinterested in associating with the forces of evil, she tries to quit when a group of magical girls appear and declare war. A battle ensues and Hiiragi soon discovers that she enjoys inflicting pain on others as her true nature starts to emerge.Mahou Shoujo ni Akogarete follows Hiiragi as she begins her new life as the leader of villains, fighting against magical girls and indulging in her newfound sadistic nature to her heart's content.
 This story is about a 15-year-old girl who is a newbie idol in love with her best friend's brother who is also a popular idol. But she runs into a scary yakuza guy and finds out that her mother was an ex-magical girl, and the yakuza guy was her mascot. Her love interest gets kidnapped by demons that look like burly men with cute squirrel heads. So she contracts the yakuza to become a magical girl, which in this story means she turns into a handsome guy in a magical girl outfit. On top of that, her love interest shows an attraction toward her magical guy form. Her best friend turns out to be in love with her and also becomes a magical cross-dressing guy to save her life.Thus, their manager, who is a magical girl geek, then decides to turn them into an idol unit.
 Sasami's always been kind of neat... but now she's been imbibed with a healthy dose of magic (which she plans to use to right the things wrong with the Earth, and, of course, help keep her brother Tenchi out of trouble). Naturally, there's going to be trouble
 Special episodes.
 Aya Asagiri is a middle school girl who has problems both at school with bullying and at home from physical abuse by her brother. While browsing online, a website pops up on her computer featuring a creepy looking person. This person appears to take pity on her, and announces that she has granted Asagiri magical powers.
 "Mahou Shoujo Taisen" is a project created from a variety show for the Otaku "2.5 Chigen TV" (2.5 Dimension TV). The characters are the mahou shoujo that represents each local town in Japan. The characters that won from the second illustration competitions that were held on pixiv will appear in the anime.
 "Tweeny Witches" The Adventure created by Studio 4C in collaboration with "Garo" creator Keita Amemiya. Includes the Alice chapters "Sakana ni Natta Maho Shojotai" and "Fuin Sareta Kokoro," Sheila chapters "Yosei Hakusho" and "Kori no Majo to Hien no Taki," and Eva chapters "Dragon House no Himitsu" and "Shippu Doto no Maho Shojotai" on three DVDs.
 "Tweeny Witches" The Adventure created by Studio 4C in collaboration with "Garo" creator Keita Amemiya. Includes the Alice chapters "Sakana ni Natta Maho Shojotai" and "Fuin Sareta Kokoro," Sheila chapters "Yosei Hakusho" and "Kori no Majo to Hien no Taki," and Eva chapters "Dragon House no Himitsu" and "Shippu Doto no Maho Shojotai" on three DVDs.
 Urara, Hanabi, and Inaho are three girls who aim to become nationally-renowned characters by creating animation of themselves! They chose the magical girl theme to catch the attention of everyone from children to adults! Can they safely become popular characters in a one-cours magical girl anime?
 Yume Kikuchi, a girl who can use magic, goes to Tokyo to be an apprentice mage to the handsome Masami Oyamada (a professional mage). In Tokyo, Yume learns about magic, helping people, and various other things on her way to being a mage. But she soon also finds out that even just magic alone isn't enough to make someone truly happy...(Source
 Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out!This is the online version of Mahou Yugi...
 Padudu is a 12-year-old apprentice witch, chosen to represent her town in the coliseum. Donning her magical fish costume, which keeps her warm and fed, she sets off on her journey. But on the way she's swept away by a river to Dance Valley. Mayor Koffy captures her and throws her into the dungeon, hoping to eliminate the competition for Dance Valley's own coliseum candidate. Luckily for Padudu, this dungeon holds the mysterious witch Nonononn. They join together in a magical fight for survival. At the end of Blue Gender Trailer, the Magical witchland word came out!This is the online version of Mahou Yugi...(Source
 A new adaptation of the manga of the Mahoujin Guru Guru franchise.
 There is a small village called Jimuna on the continent of Jamu Jamu. This village is home to a girl named Kukuri. She is the last descendant of the Migu Migu Tribe. She is raised by an old witch who teaches her the secret magic of the tribe, but Kukuri is not a good student.In the same village lives a boy named Nike. He has been raised by very strict parents. They discipline their son to become a brave hero of the village. Nike himself does not want to be a hero at all, but he grows up to become a mighty boy.One day the king of the village, Kodai, recruits troops to fight against the ruler of the darkness, Giri. Kukuri and Nike are accepted. The two children, the strong but reluctant hero Nike, and the eager but unskilled little witch Kukuri, set out on a wonderful journey full of adventures and friendship.
 Magic is a product of neither legends nor fairy tales, but instead has become a technology of reality since a time unknown to people. Supernatural power became a technology systematized through magic, while magic became a technical skill. A "Supernatural Power User" became a "Magic Technician." Magic Technicians (in short, Magicians) are nurtured through Magic High Schools and Universities. This is a story about
 Special introduction videos posted on the official website.
 In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores
 In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish.
 Shiba Miyuki's classmate Kitayama Shizuku is on her way to study abroad. For magicians, this is normally impossible, since allowing the genes of someone who can use magic outside their home country's borders is tantamount to giving up national secrets. But it's allowed to happen in one case-exchange programs. And that's how Angelina Kudou Shields has arrived in Japan from the USNA to study at First High.Around the time Lina arrived in Japan magicians began getting attacked by a mysterious being who leaves his victims drained of blood. Will Tatsuya be able to discover the identity of the "Vampire"?
 Shiba Miyuki's classmate Kitayama Shizuku is on her way to study abroad. For magicians, this is normally impossible, since allowing the genes of someone who can use magic outside their home country's borders is tantamount to giving up national secrets. But it's allowed to happen in one case-exchange programs. And that's how Angelina Kudou Shields has arrived in Japan from the USNA to study at First High.Around the time Lina arrived in Japan magicians began getting attacked by a mysterious being who leaves his victims drained of blood. Will Tatsuya be able to discover the identity of the "Vampire"?
 Kurumi Mirai is in the first year of high school.She has enrolled in junior high section of the Redrun Magic School, the world's only facility for mages that approved by International Mage League and able to work under royal families when graduates, and she was always top of the class. However, when she applies for the high school section and took the examination to get into a mage training class "Ma-gumi (Mage Class)", she wasn't able to get in in spite having full scores and was top of the class for the whole three years.There are some students in the class next to her that takes that class. Among that there's someone she admires. How will Kurumi Mirai who has extraordinary brain but didn't get in to be a mage candidate try to overcome and grow up? What is the aim for Minami Suzuki, a loyal mage who suddenly appears to be the homeroom teacher? This is a relaxing story of her growth.
 Yume Kikuchi, a girl who can use magic, goes to Tokyo to be an apprentice mage to the handsome Masami Oyamada (a professional mage). In Tokyo, Yume learns about magic, helping people, and various other things on her way to being a mage. But she soon also finds out that even just magic alone isn't enough to make someone truly happy...
 Hatori Chise is only 16, but she has lost far more than most. With neither family nor hope, it seems all doors are closed to her. But, a chance encounter began to turn the rusted wheels of fate. In her darkest hour, a mysterious magus appears before Chise, offering a chance she couldn't turn down. This magus who seems closer to demon than human, will he bring her the light she desperately seeks, or drown her in ever deeper shadows?
 Hatori Chise is only 16, but she has lost far more than most. With neither family nor hope, it seems all doors are closed to her. But, a chance encounter began to turn the rusted wheels of fate. In her darkest hour, a mysterious magus appears before Chise, offering a chance she couldn't turn down. This magus who seems closer to demon than human, will he bring her the light she desperately seeks, or drown her in ever deeper shadows?
 Second season of Mahoutsukai no Yome.
 Chise was able to accept Elias and herself, if not necessarily everything about her situation. After Cartaphilus fell back into a slumber that would not last forever, Chise was able to go back to her regular life. Then she receives an invitation from a mutual aid organization for mages called the College.Under the British Library exists a secret society of mages. Encounters and interactions with people are about to open some new doors.This is a story about saving yourself to save another.
 Chise Hatori has lived a life full of neglect and abuse, devoid of anything resembling love. Far from the warmth of family, she has had her share of troubles and pitfalls. Just when all hope seems lost, a fateful encounter awaits her. When a man with the head of a beast, wielding strange powers, obtains her through a slave auction, Chise's life will never be the same again.The man is a "magus," a sorcerer of great power, who decides to free Chise from the bonds of captivity. The magus then makes a bold statement
 The story takes place shortly before Cartaphilus took a nap and Chise became an auditor at the academy.Elias and his friends help Chise prepare for the academy, where in the middle of everyday life, Spriggan visits the mansion on a spooky horse with the words, "The appearance of the ghost hunting association is unusual this time."Gabriel, an ordinary boy who just moved from London, was bored of his environment of parting with friends, being in an unfamiliar location, and everything else. Sitting by the window and glancing beyond, he spotted a purple smoke and decided to chase after it, looking to escape his boredom. Though it should not, the world of the boy begins to converge with the wizards, who live on the other side behind a thick veil.
 The story takes place shortly before Cartaphilus took a nap and Chise became an auditor at the academy.Elias and his friends help Chise prepare for the academy, where in the middle of everyday life, Spriggan visits the mansion on a spooky horse with the words, "The appearance of the ghost hunting association is unusual this time."Gabriel, an ordinary boy who just moved from London, was bored of his environment of parting with friends, being in an unfamiliar location, and everything else. Sitting by the window and glancing beyond, he spotted a purple smoke and decided to chase after it, looking to escape his boredom. Though it should not, the world of the boy begins to converge with the wizards, who live on the other side behind a thick veil.
 Set near the end of the Showa period in the late 1980s, an old mansion in Misaki Town is rumored to be the home of a witch.Aoko abruptly enters the world of magi after her grandfather suddenly decides to have Aoko become the Aozaki family's successor. Since then, Aoko moves into the Kuonji Mansion and begins to learn magecraft from the young magus Alice Kuonji, the rumored witch of the mansion. After witnessing the two using magecraft, Soujuurou Shizuki is also forced to live with them until a rune to remove his memories is discovered.
 Mirai is a 13-year-old girl who lives in the human word. One day she witnesses a mysterious object fall from the sky into the park. Excitedly, she brings her stuffed bear Mofurun with her to see what it was. When she gets there she sees a girl named Riko flying on a broom. Riko is of the same age and from the magical world. Mirai has a lot of questions, and Riko explains that she's searching for a jewel with strong powers called "Link Stone Emerald."Then Batti, an ally of the dark magic users Dokurokushi, appears before them and demands that Riko hand over the "Link Stone Emerald," which Riko herself had been looking for. To make things worse, Batti uses dark magic to create a monster known as a Yokubaru! Mirai and Riko join hands and with the magic words "Cure-up Rapapa!" they transform into the legendary Pretty Cure.
 Toei Animation has announced that a movie for Mahoutsukai! Precure will premiere in October 2016.
 The war that raged between the Church and the Witches for five centuries finally ended in peace but a few short years ago. However, nestled in the shadowy places of the world, the embers of that age old conflict still smolder.Attending the Royal Academy of Magic of the Kingdom of Wenias is a struggling student named Sable, who has no memories of his time before being enrolled. At the command of Headmaster Albus, he left the Kingdom to travel to the southern reaches of the continent, where anti-magic insurgents are still a force to be reckoned with, as part of a special training regimen. Accompanying him are a party of individuals strong in both ability and personality; there's the one known as the Witch of the Dawn, Roux Cristasse, who seeks the forbidden knowledge of primeval magic in the 'Grimoire of Zero,' the genius girl Holtz, as well as the school's sole beast, Kudd.Just what truth shall they uncover in their journey to the south...?
 The war that raged between the Church and the Witches for five centuries finally ended in peace but a few short years ago. However, nestled in the shadowy places of the world, the embers of that age old conflict still smolder.Attending the Royal Academy of Magic of the Kingdom of Wenias is a struggling student named Sable, who has no memories of his time before being enrolled. At the command of Headmaster Albus, he left the Kingdom to travel to the southern reaches of the continent, where anti-magic insurgents are still a force to be reckoned with, as part of a special training regimen. Accompanying him are a party of individuals strong in both ability and personality; there's the one known as the Witch of the Dawn, Roux Cristasse, who seeks the forbidden knowledge of primeval magic in the "Grimoire of Zero," the genius girl Holtz, as well as the school's sole beast, Kudd.Just what truth shall they uncover in their journey to the south...?

 The aliens have been defeated, and the Bell has been transformed into a gigantic cherry tree. Now, the brave Magic User's Club must reconvene to deal with a new problem. Apparently, some inconsiderate persons left a skyscraper sized cherry tree in the middle of Tokyo, and it's become a major inconvenience to everyone in the city. Even though they have no idea who could have done such a thing, the Club feels strangely responsible and springs into action. Meanwhile, a mysterious person is spying on the magic club in the form of a small boy.
 As the television anime Mahoutsukai no Yome debuts a new episode every week, one new 30-second episode of the series of shorts will debut every week on the official Twitter every Tuesday. The previous week's episode will no longer be available when each new episode debuts.
 The story is set in 1955 in Kokuga, Hofu City, Yamaguchi Prefecture.One thousand years ago it was the site of the ancient capital, Suo no Kuni, and traces of the Heian Period (year 794-1185) are passed down to us in the form of ruins and historical place names.The protagonist is Shinko, a third grade elementary school student, who was born and raised in one of the town's venerable families. She is a little girl whose characteristic is a strange curl on her forehead (she calls it her "Mai Mai"), and her love for playing in the fields. On the other hand, her secret joy is to imagine and to daydream about the world of one thousand years ago. Her fantasies travel far into the days of the Heian Period...One day, a girl called Kiiko transfers from Tokyo and enters Shinko's class. This girl from the big city has difficulty feeling at home in this small town, but gradually her friendship with Shinko deepens.Before long, the two of them become engulfed in a strange incident of one thousand years earlier...?!
 Mai is an 8-year old grade-schooler. She uses "magic" (empathy) to understand the feelings of her family members. However, her elder brother is going through a difficult period due to the onset of puberty and is cutting himself off. In order to deepen the bonds within the family, Mai's father has decreed that every Saturday will be a "Family Day".
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Thirteen girls, each with the ability to materialize "Elements" and summon metallic guardians called "Childs" have been brought to Fuuka Academy to battle mysterious creatures called Orphans. Each with a different personality and background, they must decide who they truly care about and why they fight.
 Extra shorts that come after each episode. This entry also includes the Mai Hime vs. Mai Otome - "Moe"? The Greatest Battle! episode.
 Extra shorts that come after each episode. This entry also includes the Mai Hime vs. Mai Otome - "Moe"? The Greatest Battle! episode.
 In 1955 in western Japan, nine-year-old Shinko knows she comes from a family that dates back to over a thousand years. This long genealogy and stories about it feed her daydreams
 Arika Yumemiya has traveled far in search of her goal

 Specials that followed on the Mai-Otome DVD.
 My-Otome Zwei takes place one year after the events of My-Otome. Arika is now a full-fledged Otome (though still under the tutelage of Miss Maria) and Nagi is incarcerated in a prison somewhere in Aries. The various nations are at peace with one another and plan to hold S.O.L.T. (Strategic Otome Limitation Talks) to discuss limiting the numbers of Otome.A mission to destroy a meteor threatening to collide with Earl sets into motion a chain of events which result in a mysterious shadowy figure attacking Garderobe and several Otome as well as a new, more powerful version of Slave appearing across the planet. To make matters worse, Queen Mashiro disappears following an argument with Arika. The series follows Arika's search for Mashiro as well as Garderobe's attempts to uncover the truth behind the shadowy figure.(Source
 Ribbon-chan wants to become an Otome.
 Kiyo and Sumire came to Kyoto from Aomori Prefecture, dreaming of becoming maiko. But after an unexpected turn of events, Kiyo starts working as the live-in cook at the Maiko House. Their story unfolds in the Kagai, the Geiko and maiko district in Kyoto, alongside their housemate maikos. Kiyo nourishes them daily with her home-cooked meals, and Sumire strives toward her promising future as the once-in-a-century maiko.Step into the glamorous Kagai, warm your heart with behind-the-scenes anecdotes and Kiyo's kitchen episodes. Stay tuned for this touching tale of 2 childhood friends lifting each other up as they grow together.
 Yumi Takeshita is a cheerful lady who recently joined the police force of the Tawagoto precinct. When she was still a middle school student, she was saved from being hit by a truck thanks to a stranger. Several years later, she meets her savior once again while performing her first arrest attempt. He is a magician named Tohru Ichidaiji and Yumi is charmed to finally meet him. As a police officer who is assigned to several odd tasks, she will keep asking for the help of the handy Tohru.
 Anime based on Kina Kazuharu's illustration series.
 Anime based on Kina Kazuharu's illustration series. It will consist of an episode 0 pilot animation as well as an anime series which will debut in 2018.
 Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.
 Suzuki Iruma has been sold to the demon by his irresponsible parents in exchange for money. Surprisingly, next thing he knows, he is living with the demon and has been transferred into a school in the Demon World...
 Fourteen-year-old Iruma Suzuki has been unfortunate all his life, having to work to earn money for his irresponsible parents despite being underage. One day, he finds out that his parents sold him to the demon Sullivan. However, Iruma's worries about what will become of him are soon relieved, for Sullivan merely wants a grandchild, pampering him and making him attend the demon school Babyls.At first, Iruma tries to keep a low profile in fear of his peers discovering that he is human. Unfortunately, this ends up being more difficult than he expected. It turns out that Sullivan himself is the chairman of the school, and everyone expects him to become the next Demon King!Iruma immediately finds himself in an outrageous situation when he has to chant a forbidden spell in front of the entire school. With this, Iruma instantly earns a reputation he does not want. Even so, he is bound to be roped into more bizarre circumstances.
 Second season of Mairimashita! Iruma-kun.
 After many trials and tribulations, Iruma Suzuki is finally happily living among demons despite having to hide his true identity as a human. Even more so, he has now found his ambition in life
 In the town of Clock Hill, there is an old boarding house called Maison Ikkoku. While the residence itself is fairly normal, most of its occupants are not. Yuusaku Godai, its most quiet tenant, has finally reached his limit with his neighbors' constant disruptions and boisterous partying. Wanting a calmer place to call home so that he can study in peace, he prepares to move away.However, his plans to leave are suddenly interrupted when he meets the new boarding house manager, Kyoko Otonashi. Falling madly in love with her, he decides that the boarding house may not be such a bad place to live after all. Unfortunately for him, Kyoko has her own romantic troubles
 Maison Ikkoku is an old boarding house in the town of Clock Hill. It is relatively comfortable to live in, but unfortunately, it doesn’t provide its tenants with the excitement and modernity that normal college students prefer. So... they improvise.One of the students is 20-year-old Yusaku Godai, a calm and good-natured young man, who is doing his best to make friends and enjoy life. But being a typical introvert, he is often teased and taken advantage of by his other, more assertive roommates. Too stressed to continue living this way, he makes a decision to move out to a more peaceful residence. However, just as he is about to leave the house, he bumps into the beautiful Kyoko Otonashi, who introduces herself as the new manager. For Godai, this is love at first sight, and even though he was set on finding a new place, her charm allows him to see the light at the end of the tunnel.However, despite her youth and kind nature, Kyoko is actually a widow who lost her husband in a tragic accident. This has left her scarred and very vulnerable, and even though she does her best to be positive, it is evident that depression is taking over her. Godai and Kyoko quickly become very close, and he makes it his ultimate goal in life to make her happy, no matter what.
 Yotsuya and Ichinose are enjoying a hot afternoon when they recall the time that the tenants of Ikkoku-kan and Mitaka go off on a cruise to party hard aboard Mitaka's new boat; however, the boat falls apart, and everyone is shipwrecked on a deserted island. With everyone up to their usual antics and shenanigans, what can happen in such a desolate place?
 Taking place after the tv-series, this movie tells the story of what happened with Godai, Kyoko and the tenants after the TV series ended (don't take the last episode in account, since that is a summary of what will come).
 A recap of the Maison Ikkoku series that focuses on the relationship between Godai and Kyoko. The entire special is taken from footage of the TV series.
 The story centers around Ribbon-chan, a girl struggling with English who becomes a magical girl when she makes a contract with a self-described familiar named Toner. She aims to become a super heroine who can fill the Tokyo Dome arena with her singing and dancing.
 Original anime that aims to teach English with cute girl characters.
 The samurai are a very important part of Japan's history, and to be related to them in any way is probably one of the most inspiring things that a young high school student could hope for.Kawakami City is well-known for having many samurai ancestors among its citizens, and is generally surrounded by an atmosphere of fighting spirit, loyalty, and dedication to work. In Maji de Watashi ni Koi Shinasai!, the students of Kawakami Academy use this knowledge on a daily basis, whether they are studying for exams, competing in sports competitions, or making sure that they take very good care of their traditions. Yamato Naoe is one such student, and his six closest friends (three boys and three girls) make up the perfect team for friendship, rivalry, and motivation. However, even samurai have weaknesses.Although the balance and long friendship of their group has been undisturbed for a long time, when two new girls enter the group, things start to get a lot more interesting. Not only must they maintain what they think is the samurai tradition, but they must now also do it with a lot of "distractions."
 Plot Summary
 Season 1 focuses on the wizard Nelly and the mysterious Najo as Zorori, Ishishi, and Noshishi help them restore the magic forest in a magical country (episodes 1-50).Season 2 focuses on Puppe's search for the Minus Eel (episodes 51-97).
 Shibaki is a high school boy only interested in girls. However, he has been branded as the most perverted boy at school, and the girls go out of their way to avoid him. When he finds a book in the library about how to summon witches, he tries it as a joke; unexpectedly, though, the book works, and a cute witch named Rurumo appears to grant him a wish. Shibaki helps Rurumo and she in return refuses to take his soul.After some time, he thinks about his meeting with Rurumo, and wishes he could see her again. His wish is granted immediately, as Rurumo falls from the sky and crash-lands in front of him, tasked with getting him to use up 666 magic tickets that grant wishes before she can become a witch again. However, according to Rurumo's familiar, what she does not know is that each ticket he uses will shorten his life span, and, when the last ticket is used, he will die.
 Bundled with the with the ninth limited edition volume of the Majimoji Rurumo
 Anime adaptation of the Majin Bone, a digital card game project.
 Yako’s father was murdered in a locked room. She then meets a man named Neuro Nougami who is a demon from Hell who eats “riddles.” He forces Yako to act as a detective so he can solve mysteries. Neuro longs to eat the ultimate mystery.
 Hisashi Seki, ordinary working guy, wakes up one morning to find a naked, and very amorous, girl in his bed. He's happy to take advantage of the situation, to their mutual satisfaction. However, the girl's appearance leads to all sorts of increasingly strange phenomenon. The cause lies, sort of, in Jungian psychology. The girl, whom he has named Asami, is from a parallel dimension where people's ideal partners - the anima to their animus, or vice versa - reside. Asami's longing has allowed her to cross dimensions to be with Seki, but her presence in his world upsets the natural order. She goes back, and Seki must venture to her world to save her. The lovers are reunited. However, matters don't turn out quite as they hoped.
 27-year-old Tokyo office worker Mire Yoshizuki just returned to Japan, while 22-year-old fourth-year college student Sora Nagase aspires to be a teacher, and 20-year-old boyish Reika Kawatani is a part-time Hiroshima okonomiyaki shop worker and freelancer. What draws together these three women from completely different walks of life is a magic gem. A "New Magical Story" begins when they are mysteriously brought together by chance and embark on a journey.
 Guideau
 Megu is sent to Earth in her early teens, she is adopted by Mammi Kanzaki, a former witch who gave up her royal ambitions to wed a mortal. Mammi bewitches her husband and their two children, Rabi and Apo, into believing that Megu has always been the eldest child of the family. Under Mammi's tutelage, Megu learns to control both her abilities and impulses in order to prove her worthiness for the crown. This Rite-of-Passage subtext is continued throughout the series.
 The traditional magical fantasy follows sisters who are magical girls.
 In this surreal comedy, the witch Tsukune-chan travels the countryside doling out just deserts, be they good or bad.
 Plot Summary
 Daigo is born as the son of Gorou, a father who is too great. What path will Daigo, who is burdened with great expectations, take in baseball?
 Second season of Major 2nd.
 Plot Summary
 The sixth season begins after the "Baseball World Cup" has ended. Gorou regained his passion for baseball in Japan thanks to his friends, and left to join the Hornets baseball team in preparation to the new season. When he arrives in America he starts to celebrate his role as a Major League pitcher at last! Gorou's family and friends gathers in groups in Japan to watch Gorou's debut in the Major League. However, Gorou's debut is the beginning of a line of surprising happenings, that has an outcome no one expected...
 Thirteen years after achieving major success with the Indiana Hornets, Gorou Honda's career as a pitcher ended abruptly after sustaining a horrible injury. Inspired by his father, who continued playing baseball despite major setbacks, Gorou plans to restart his baseball career and play in a new position. However, his strong dedication to train has puzzled his family, especially his young daughter Izumi, who is frustrated with the absence of her father from her lives. Faced by another tough obstacle, Gorou once again decides to prove his resolve through his beloved sport.
 Gorou briefly returns to Japan after a triumphant campaign in the US. He is heading towards Fukuoka where he played baseball when he was a fifth grader. Having just moved into a new town after leaving Mifune and his friends at the Dolphins, this is where Gorou faced a critical point in his life.
 Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself
 Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azali. Unable to control the sword's power, Azali was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azali found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azali and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azali to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself
 A sorcerer who was once the top student of the famous Tower of Fang, now spends his time chasing around his hopeless clients as a moneylender, at least until his client comes up with a plan to make money
 A sorcerer who was once the top student of the famous Tower of Fang, now spends his time chasing around his hopeless clients as a moneylender, at least until his client comes up with a plan to make money
 Second season of Majutsushi Orphen Hagure Tabi.

 Fourth season of Majutsushi Orphen Hagure Tabi.

 Third season of Majutsushi Orphen Hagure Tabi.
 Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head.
 Orphen and his gang has set out on an all new adventure with many monsters to battle and no peace and quiet. But a new friend has joined the group. Her name Lycorus who was sent to find Orphen. Many mysterious shadows are overhanging over head.
 1999
 13 scientists seek to tap genetic powers by creating a hybrid of man and beast. Years later, 13 of their children are embroiled in a battle to undo their handiwork, while Shinichi, the son of one of the scientists, teams up with Christian super-beings to save the world.
 An entire city is destroyed by two monstrous and omnipotent beings. Genzou Kuruma, a scientist but also the leader of a sect wishes to awake God, but first, he needs a special kind of blood for it. His son, Shinichi Kuruma, and a young girl, Ayaka Sanders, possess that blood, and he will do anything to capture them and take their blood for God's Awakening, and so, humanity will be lost. Shinichi, along Ayaka and Tomizoro (Tommy), are escaping from Genzou Kuruma's "New Humans" (genetically altered humans who can turn into monsters), while Shinichi only wishes for revenge against his father. He, like the other "New Humans", has the power to summon different beasts from his body. With this power, he will fight until Genzou Kuruma is killed by his own hands.
 The story revolves around William, an aristocratic family’s progeny with rare intellect. One day, his uncle lost his possessions after his business failed. Fearing that his family’s name has been tarnished, William returns home and searches with his family’s butler for anything that can be converted into cash.A search of the premises yields an underground room left by an ancestor. In the room is a magical seal, and William unintentionally summons a devil. The summoned devil tells William his name Dantalion, and reveals that William is the designator who can choose the acting ruler of the demon world.
 Based on the hit video game by Nippon Ichi. After a two year slumber, Laharl, the prince of the Netherworld, finds the Netherworld in chaos after the death of his father, King Krichevskoy. Not wasting any time, Laharl, with the help of his father’s former vassal Etna, sets out to conquer the Netherworld and proclaim himself Overlord.
 5.26 Ranked #9440Popularity #5274Members 5,001OVAPhoenix EntertainmentAdd to ListEpisodes
 Kyoya's father was a great warrior, killed at the hands of the diabolical psychic, Rebi Ra, who has now opened a portal to hell in the city of Shinjuku. It falls to Kyoya to finish what his father started and battle his way through demons, while protecting a young woman from harm. The only problem is that he's not exactly your classic hero type, and his powers are still latent.
 On a cold planet of ice and snow, mysterious creatures suddenly have appeared from the dark underground and have begun to attack the inhabitants. Can humanity survive the terror lurking beyond the horizon?
 On a cold planet of ice and snow, mysterious creatures suddenly have appeared from the dark underground and have begun to attack the inhabitants. Can humanity survive the terror lurking beyond the horizon?
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Takeru continues his education at Tenbi Academy as part of the newly formed Security Committee. As a team with the other members, they battle unscrupulous individuals who use their Maken for evil purposes. In the meantime, his libido and the conflicting romantic interests of the girls surrounding him complicate matters considerably.
 Takeru continues his education at Tenbi Academy as part of the newly formed Security Committee. As a team with the other members, they battle unscrupulous individuals who use their Maken for evil purposes. In the meantime, his libido and the conflicting romantic interests of the girls surrounding him complicate matters considerably.(Source
 Blu-ray/DVD specials of Maken-Ki! Two.
 Plot Summary
 The story centers on an "evil corps" led by Don that is planning to conquer the universe. The group sets out to invade Earth, but their spaceship disappears. They encounter an earthling boy who helps them. The aliens take up part-time jobs and continue with their plans to conquer Earth.(Source
 This series tells the story of 9 year-old Katri, a girl who lives on a farm in Finland with her grandparents. Katri's mother has been away in Germany for three years. The farm is not doing well, so to help support her family, she goes to work on a neighboring farm. Katri faces many struggles and challenges.
 Makura no Danshi, the new television anime from Earth Star Entertainment will premiere this July. This "new and novel animation entirely in the first-person perspective" is designed to "heal tired hearts."Natsuki Hanae will play one of 12 "makura no danshi" (pillow boys), all full of distinctly individual personalities and each catering to viewers who like a certain "type." The boys all live in the same town underneath a starry sky. Each of the "makura no danshi" will star his own weekly episode as they "sleep beside you and whisper."
 Led by scientist Tatsuya Randou, the Randou family undertakes a journey around the globe in order to search out ancient ruins to uncover the legend of Quetzalcoatl, which unlocks the key to a fabulous treasure. However, tailing the Randou family is Gopurin, an evil organisation that covets the legendary treasure for itself. The Randou family has the secret weapon of super robot Acrobunch. It becomes a race around the world of who finds the treasure first.
 Bad luck! My dad kicked me out of the house! Then revenge a playboy whose grandfather was a gangster! That's not all! I go to the noble school to be the maid of four demons...
 Natsumi Mizuki is a 4th grader whose parents have gone to London. Her Aunt Izumi comes to live with her. Izumi is an aspiring manga writer who is trying to get her first big break, so she doesn't have time for a baby that appears out of thin air on Natsumi's first night alone. The baby's name is Mirai and her mother is *Natsumi*, but 15 years older. Somehow, Mirai had traveled back in time. Now the young Natsumi has to raise Mirai while trying to keep her 4th grade life from falling apart and keep Mirai-chan secret from everyone. She has the dubious help of Izumi and some baby-care gadgets from the future.
 A certain boy and girl in middle school became lovers, flirted with each other, disagreed on trivial things, became more frequently irritated with each other rather than excited... and ended up breaking up at graduation. And so the two of them, Mizuto Irido and Yume Ayai, wound up meeting each other in the most unexpected fashion.
 Mameko is a NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training). She lives with her dog Komachi and her cats Tabi, Simba, and Melo.Mameko promises God that she will do her best from tomorrow, but the next day she says, "God is telling me to sleep..." and loses to herself.This is the story of Mameko's everyday life, which seems to be nothing and is somewhat strange.
 The series follows the daily lives of a naughty female cat named Azuki and a quiet male cat named Daizu who live with their owner, a 30 year old office lady, and her extended family, including an otaku elder brother and an adopted shiba inu dog who thinks he's a cat.
 "Beatrice". It is a mysterious power that responds to people’s will and realize all of them. Tokyo Beatrice University Attached High School is the only school that teaches Beatrice called "magic appears in the real world".Yoshimura Mamoru is a high school boy who was saved by Beatrice miraculously when he was a child. At the first day of the school, he meets a girl under the cherry trees on his way to the school. She orders him to go out with her.Her name is Takasu Ayako. She is in the second grade and one year older than him. She is a director of student committee of discipline. Also, she is a granddaughter of a big-name politician, very beautiful, and a genius Beatrician who can even shoot a satellite down. She is called Witch Beatrice or Death Angel in Beatrice, but in fact, she is a pure-hearted girl.
 Tasuke Shichiri is the envy of his friends because since his parents are always traveling he can do as he pleases. It's a surprise present from his father that keeps him from being lonely
 Nina, thinking it was a lolly, swallows an object called "Crystal Pearl". But the candy turns out to be a test for the magicians. To retrieve the crystal, a special medicine has to be made so now Zero and Ichii, the magicians, have to protect her from others while waiting for the medicine to be completed.(Source
 Sweet and innocent orphan Man Tou, while optimistic and tough in his own way, often feels lonely deep inside. Without the care of parents, he longs for love more than anyone else. Being ridiculed and bullied by others as the parentless child, he longs for a genuine friendship that is yet to come. Though uncertain where his future lies, Man Tou has faith that keeps on working hard and never stops giving love will find him that place he can call home.
 Mysteria Academy is a prestigious magic school that teaches magic without discrimination to the three factions (men, gods, demons), who usually are engaged in battle with each other. Two of the academy's students are Anne, a princess and honor student, and Grea, a princess born from a dragon and a human.
 Mysteria Academy is a prestigious magic school that teaches magic without discrimination to the three factions (men, gods, demons), who usually are engaged in battle with each other. Two of the academy's students are Ann, a princess and honour student, and Glare, a princess born from a dragon and a human.
 Fate had never been kind to Ji Ning. Wracked by illnesses and infirm his entire life on Earth, Ning knew early on that he would die as a teenager. What he didn’t know was that there really was such a thing as life after death, and that the universe was a far larger place than he thought. A lucky twist of fate (one of the few in Ning’s life) meant that Ning was reborn into a world of Immortals and monsters, of Ki Refiners and powerful Fiendgods, a world where Dynasties lasted for millions of years. A world which is both greater and yet also smaller than he ever could imagine. He would have the opportunity to join them, and in this life, Ning swore to himself, he would never let himself be weak again! The Era he was born into was a Desolate one, but Ning would make it his era.
 A short anime based on Manga de Wakaru! Fate/Grand Order by Riyo. Aired during Fate Project Year End 2018, and is also available on YouTube.
 Animated adaptations of traditional and historical Japanese stories. Each episode features 2 different stories.
 Depiction of Japan's economy, based on Shoutarou Ishinomori's epynomous manga.
 Each episode of this series tells the story of a famous fairy tale from all around the world. Some of them are adapted from famous books such as "The Iliad".
 Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.

 In this current era, breasts mean everything. If you have breasts, you are guaranteed wealth and popularity. If you lack them, you are rarely considered “human”. Members of the Manyuu Clan help raise the future big breasts. Written on a secret scroll possessed by the clan, there is said to be various techniques on how to grow big and beautiful breasts.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season of Mao Zhi Ming.


 While sleeping one night, Ryo Utsugi had a nightmare of monsters attacking him. One day he learns a mysterious power to let him hear voices and have visions of girls getting killed, but one night he hears the same voice.(Source
 After 2000 years has passed, the ruthless demon lord has just been reincarnated! But his aptitude at an academy for nurturing candidates for demon lords is, “inept”!?Having the capability to destroy humans, elementals, and gods, after a long period of countless wars and strife, Arnos the demon lord became sick and tired of all that and longed for a peaceful world, so he decided to reincarnate to the future.However, what awaited him after his reincarnation is a world too used to peace that his descendants became too weak due to a huge weakening in magical powers.
 After 2000 years have passed, the ruthless demon lord has just been reincarnated! But his aptitude at an academy for nurturing candidates for demon lords is, “inept”!?Having the capability to destroy humans, elementals, and gods, after a long period of countless wars and strife, Arnos the demon lord became sick and tired of all that and longed for a peaceful world, so he decided to reincarnate to the future.However, what awaited him after his reincarnation is a world too used to peace that his descendants became too weak due to a huge weakening in magical powers.
 Second season of Maou Gakuin no Futekigousha
 Second season of Maou Gakuin no Futekigousha
 Special short of Maou-sama, Retry! published on the official Twitter.
 Oono Akira, a working adult that can be found anywhere, was transported to a different world while logged into a character known as the "Demon Lord" in a game he manages. There, he meets a girl with a disabled leg and they begin to travel together, but there's no way that others will leave a "demon lord" with such overwhelming strengths alone. While being targeted by countries and saints that are trying to subdue the demon lord, they cause turmoil wherever they go.Demon lord on the outside, normal person on the inside, a misunderstanding type fantasy!
 Oono Akira, a working adult that can be found anywhere, was transported to a different world while logged into a character known as the "Demon Lord" in a game he manages. There, he meets a girl with a disabled leg and they begin to travel together, but there's no way that others will leave a "demon lord" with such overwhelming strengths alone. While being targeted by countries and saints that are trying to subdue the demon lord, they cause turmoil wherever they go.Demon lord on the outside, normal person on the inside, a misunderstanding type fantasy!
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Maple Town Stories is about friendship, adventure and the troubles the children (Patty Rabbit, Bobby Bear and Fanny Fox) who are the main characters of the show, fall into. Wild Wolfe is a homeless thief who lives in the forest and usually steals from the town and does other mischief, but the kids are always there to stop him and set things right slowly making him understand the wrongs of his ways.
 While looking for the ledgendary Mapman, the last surviving member of the Nomad Star tribe, Lipumira finds him in Tokyo. His name is Gen Tokishima and he is the only one able to get one part of the starmap hidden within the Earth. After retrieving the piece, Gen must make a decision to follow Lipumira in her foolhardy search to find the remaining pieces of the starmap or stay on Earth. He makes his decision, only to find his girlfriend has beaten him to the spaceship as she wants to come as well. Unfortunately, as Gen learns the secret of the starmap, Lipumira's sisters have plans to stop her and will stop her at any cost.
 Dreaming of a magical world every night, the young Toramizu Ginta yearns to be able to go there. With only his friend Koyuki believing in his dreams, Ginta remains positive despite the slander he receives from others over his dreams. But his wishes are answered, as one day a large door appears in front of Ginta, summoning him to the land of MAR Heaven. In this land, the weapons known as ARMS exist. While initially Ginta greatly enjoyed the discovery of this magical world, he soon learns of the terrible wars that have once plagued MAR Heaven and the upcoming war that may soon appear.
 Plot Summary
 Rune Ballot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Ballot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car.Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Ballot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer.
 Rune Balot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Balot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car.Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Balot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer.(Source
 Rune Ballot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Ballot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car.Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Ballot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer.
 Rune Ballot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Ballot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car.Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Ballot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer.
 The final plans to finish Shell off in court have been made by Easter, Balot, and Oeufcoque. But in order to execute those plans, they must set foot into Shell's domain
 Yuuto goes to a secret boy’s school called the St. Alphonse Gakuin. There, he makes five (bishounen)friends, each of which seem to be the princes or royalty of rather unknown or marginal areas. Each episode, a character sings a rather interesting song, however, the plot is rather weak. There’s a lot of eyecandy, and despite it’s weak delivery, it’s a bit amusing to watch.
 The television anime of Rejet and Idea Factory's Marginal#4 franchise. The in-story idol unit Marginal#4 will perform the opening theme song, while each episode of the anime will have a different musical act contributing its ending theme song.
 In search of true love, Kanako Miyamae transfers to Ame no Kisaki Catholic school, inspired by how her parents fell in love with each other there. There is just one difference, though
 Plot Summary
 When Kanako Miyamae transferred to a new all-girls school, she hoped to find true love. What she found instead was the beautiful Mariya Shidou, a charming classmate Kanako met on her first day. But Mariya has one flaw
 Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Summer has arrived, and the students of Lillian Girls' Academy are on break! Yumi and Sachiko head out to the Ogasawara family's summer home, but what was supposed to be a relaxing vacation takes a turn for the worse when some of Sachiko's old acquaintances drop by for tea. These rich and snobby debutantes don't think Yumi is worthy of Sachiko's affection and they're out to make this summer one she'll regret.
 A series of chibi-style "outtakes" from the "shooting" of the Mariamite series.
 Life goes on for the ladies in the Yamayurikai. On the one-year anniversary of Sachiko and Yumi becoming sisters, Yumi receives a difficult task from Sachiko

 Life goes on for the ladies in the Yamayurikai. On the one-year anniversary of Sachiko and Yumi becoming sisters, Yumi receives a difficult task from Sachiko
 The second season of Marie & Gali.
 The story of the manga centers around Marimo Nogami, a usually quiet fourth-grade girl in elementary school. However, a certain incident leads to Marimo's personal strength blossoming.
 Miki Koishikawa is a high school student who enjoys a very simple life. However, her ordinary life is about to be turned upside down, and she may not be able to handle everything that is coming her way.After a very "fun" holiday in Hawaii, her parents have decided to get a divorce. As if this wasn’t enough of a shock for the poor girl, she also discovers that they will soon be re-marrying and swapping partners with another couple who they met on holiday. In order to include Miki in this shocking turn of events, they ask her to give the new couple a chance, and set up a dinner date with everyone. Miki may have tried to be emotionally prepared for her new parents, but what she was not expecting was their handsome son Matsuura Yuu.Miki develops an instant crush for Yuu. What starts off as a lovely friendship between them soon develops into romantic feelings which they are both finding hard to control. But more trouble is ahead in their relationship, as both Miki and Yuu have admirers of their own who are trying very hard to keep them separated.
 A prelude to Marmalade Boy the TV series. Yuu remembers the day when his parents decided to divorce each other and remarry with another married couple. Troubled by the news, Yuu decides to take a walk, on which he spots a girl he falls in love with at first sight. He decides to follow this unaware girl and falls more in love with her. However he discovers who the girl really is...she's the daughter of his parents' new lovers.
 My mother and my brother actually wanted to sell themselves to the violent male in the village for 30,000 yuan! In order not to be tied to the old man, the desperate Ye Youyou had to lie that he had married a rich man in the city. Unexpectedly, the president who casually identified it unexpectedly came to the door to propose! God, have we never seen it before? !
 Sabina returned to her hometown with her boyfriend. They were going to get married soon. However, she was forced to be the bride of the River God by accident. Fortunately, a Mysterious Man saved her. After that, that man started to go after her. Sabina had thought that they wouldn't fall for him, but after experiencing ups and downs together, they fell deeply in love. Whether the couple can have a happy ending?
 * Based on the Playstation 2 game with the same name.In 2016, a manned probe sent from Earth to investigate Mars explodes in Earth's atmosphere, causing fragments assumed to contain a DNA sample of a possible Mars inhabitant to fall on Japan.People all over Japan are infected by the mutation-inducing virus and are thus given the name Iseki-jin (relic people). An organization called AAST is founded, which in cooperation with Structure Doctor Hiroshi Hyuga develops a suit, "Mars", as a trump card against the relic people. Whoever wears the suit obtains super powers, but only a few genetically compatible people are able to wear it. Tairu, the son of the doctor, was the first suitable person.One of the fallen fragments is being transported to a laboratory in the United States for an analysis when the transfer is intercepted by the relic people. Now Tairu has to fight and defend humanity's chance to bring an end to the incident.
 Mars Red takes place in 1923, and vampires have existed for quite a while. But now, the number of vampires is increasing and a mysterious, artificial blood source called Ascra has appeared.The Japanese government, in turn, creates "Code Zero," an unit within the army tasked with taking down the vampiric forces. And what better way to track vampires than by using vampires?Created by Lieutenant General Nakajima, this unit has historically been in the business of information war, but has been re-assigned to solve the vampire crisis.
 Mars Red takes place in 1923, and vampires have existed for quite a while. But now, the number of vampires is increasing and a mysterious, artificial blood source called Ascra has appeared.The Japanese government, in turn, creates "Code Zero," an unit within the army tasked with taking down the vampiric forces. And what better way to track vampires than by using vampires?Created by Lieutenant General Nakajima, this unit has historically been in the business of information war, but has been re-assigned to solve the vampire crisis.
 Mini web anime streamed online leading up to the Mars Red TV anime premiere.
 Feng Hao is an aspiring martial artist who, despite his best efforts, isn't considered talented. But after a scuffle with the martial arts master, De Ying, a hidden power within him awakens. So begins Feng Hao's journey towards honing his skills and achieving the ultimate body!
 The series re-imagines the comic books' main characters Martin Mystery and Diana Lombard as teenagers protagonists, attending Torrington Academy,[1] a high school located in the city of Sherbrooke, Quebec.[3] They work for a secret organization known as "The Center," which covertly protects the people of Earth from supernatural threats and investigates the unknown and the paranormal. Their allies at The Center include Billy, a small, green-skinned alien who is one of Martin's best friends, and Java, a caveman from 200,000 years ago, who works as a janitor at Torrington Academy and is the arm of the group.Martin's vast knowledge of the supernatural and his remarkable intuition make him a valued agent of The Center, and compensate for his huge ego and his clumsy attitude. Diana resents these flaws at times, as Martin often does not seem to understand the seriousness of his missions, but generally respects him, and loves him and his way of being himself without compromises.
 Makoto Onodera is the young effeminate chairman of Onodera Academy. Although bestowed exclusive jurisdiction, his administration is threatened by the Kawakara Branch School staff, who intend to usurp his position by consummating marriage with him. That way, the power will be in their hands, and Makoto will be left vulnerable.However, he is accompanied by Kintarou Masaka
 Shorts played before Made in Abyss Movie 3
 The anime follows Makoto, a young boy who gains superpowers due to an evil gene manipulation experiment. Makoto and other youths join the Avengers as apprentices named "Future Avengers." The anime will show Makoto and others as they train, fight villains and grow, under Avengers members Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, Thor, and Wasp.(Source
 Second season of Marvel Future Avengers.
 It is Tib the black cat who leads Mary to the strange flower in the woods. When she discovers a little broomstick shortly afterwards, she is astonished to feel it jump into action. Before she can gather her wits, it is whisking her over the treetops, above the clouds, and into the grounds of Endor College, where
 Mary Smith is a clumsy girl with wild red hair who can't seem to do anything right. After moving in with her Great Aunt Charlotte, Mary finds herself lonely and bored, until one day she spies a cat which seems to keep changing color every time she sees it. Curiosity gets the better of her and she follows it into nearby woods. Deep in the forest, the cat takes her to a clearing with dead trees and brown grass, where the only sign of life is a cluster of mysterious blue flowers that Mary has never seen before. The gardener of the estate later tells her that the rare species is called "Fly-by-Night," and is said to be sought by witches for its incredible magical power.When the strange cat returns to her one night, Mary is led once again into the woods, but this time to an old broomstick hidden by a gnarled tree. After she clumsily squashes some Fly-by-Night against the broomstick, it begins to glow, whisking her off into the sky. Her wayward journey ends at the Endor College for Witches, where she is mistaken for a new student. And so, Mary must learn to look after herself in this marvelous new world of magic, where things are not always as they seem.
 The coming-of-age battle story will center on the famous 17th-century Japanese warlord Date Masamune when he was young. The Date clan took its name from the Date region of the former Mutsu province, which comprises part of the modern-day city of Date.The anime will be the first in the city's "Kirari na Wonder Project" (Twinkling Wonder Project), which aims to highlight tourist attractions and the appeal of the region.Gainax's newly founded Fukushima studio will work on the anime, and will complete it at the end of March. The anime will have a private screening in April and will also screen in anime events and be posted online.
 As a child, Masamune Makabe once suffered greatly at the hands of a wealthy and beautiful girl named Aki Adagaki, who nicknamed him "Piggy" due to his chubby appearance. Seeking revenge against his tormentor, Masamune works hard to improve himself and returns as an incredibly handsome, albeit narcissistic, high school student. When he encounters Aki once again, he is prepared to exact vengeance.With the aid of the rich girl's maid, Yoshino Koiwai, Masamune slowly begins to build his relationship with Aki, intending to break her heart when the time is right. However, as his friendship with Aki begins to grow, Masamune starts to question the objectives of his devious plans, and if bringing them to fruition is what his heart truly desires.
 As a child, Masamune Makabe once suffered greatly at the hands of a wealthy and beautiful girl named Aki Adagaki, who nicknamed him "Piggy" due to his chubby appearance. Seeking revenge against his tormentor, Masamune works hard to improve himself and returns as an incredibly handsome, albeit narcissistic, high school student. When he encounters Aki once again, he is prepared to exact vengeance.With the aid of the rich girl's maid, Yoshino Koiwai, Masamune slowly begins to build his relationship with Aki, intending to break her heart when the time is right. However, as his friendship with Aki begins to grow, Masamune starts to question the objectives of his devious plans, and if bringing them to fruition is what his heart truly desires.
 Bundled with the limited edition 10th volume of the Masamune-kun no Revenge manga.
 Second season Masamune-kun no Revenge.
 A 9-year-old boy named Wataru Ikusabe is magically transported to a magical realm of the gods called Soukaizan which he is supposed to save. In his quest to save the realm, he manages to transform a clay sculpture into a somewhat autonomous (small) Super Robot.
 This is the sequel to Mashin Eiyuden Wataru first season.Wataru has been lived happily on earth after he defeated Doakudar. When he plays around with his friend, Ryujinmaru appears and ask him to fight again. It appears that the 7 Stars Mountain, the source of Mt. Soukai's rainbow, have been taken over by Doakadar (Doakudar's brother). If all the stars mountain loses their brightness, Mt. Soukai's rainbow will fade and everyone will live in the darkness for eternity. Once again, Wataru has to go through all the 7 stars system and destroy this new stronger enemy.
 The story is about a 9-year-old boy named Wataru Ikusabe who is magically transported to a magical realm of the gods called Sokaizan which he is supposed to save. He also befriends many of the Soukaizan natives, and forms some very strong friendship bonds.

 Shamisen is a traditional Japanese musical instrument that looks similar to a guitar. Teenager Sawamura Setsu's grandfather who raised him and his older brother Wakana, recently passed away. His grandfather was one of the greatest Shamisen players and the two siblings grew up listening to him play and learning to play the instrument.Since their grandfather's death, Setsu dropped out of high school, moved to Tokyo and has been drifting, not knowing what to do besides play his Shamisen. That's when his successful and rich mother, Umeko, storms into his life and tries to shape Setsu up. She enrolls him back into high school, but little does Setsu know that he is about to rediscover his passion for Shamisen.
 An alternate ending to the anime with Airi being the chosen girl. This is not animated in a normal anime fashion, it is more of a gal game animation.
 DVD/BD specials of Mashiroiro Symphony
 To everyone else in his magic-dominated world, the young and powerless Mash Burnedead is a threat to the gene pool and must be purged. Living secretly in the forest, he spends every day training his body, building muscles strong enough to compete with magic itself! However, upon having his identity exposed and his peaceful life threatened, Mash begins his journey to becoming a "Divine Visionary," a role so powerful that society would have no choice but to accept his existence.And so, in order to maintain his peaceful life, the magicless Mash enrolls in the prestigious Easton Magic Academy, competing against the children of some of the most powerful and elite in the realm. Lacking the very skill needed to survive at Easton, magic, Mash appears to already be at a disadvantage to his fellow classmates. In order to achieve his goals, Mash will have to fight his way through every trial using his fists alone, overcoming magic with muscles, all for the illustrious title of Divine Visionary!
 Masou Gakuen HxH specials included with the volumes of the DVD/BD.
 In an enviromentally wrecked future Tokyo, a young man named Ken Ando joins an organization called DC. Little does he realize that his fate and that of Earth will be linked to a mysterious mecha from another world.
 Early in the career of Alliance Marine James Vega, he leads an elite Special Forces squad into battle against a mysterious alien threat known as The Collectors. Stationed at a colony in a remote star system, Vega and his soldiers must protect the civilians from a ruthless invasion determined to capture the population for unknown purposes.
 Mass Effect
 Massara is an original short inspired from the song of the same name by Kiyoe Yoshioka (of Ikimono-gakari). The song is Yoshioka's first solo single. The short is directed by Keita Nagahara, and animated by the studio Enishiya Inc.The anime's story centers on a singer-songwriter, Nazuna, who is about to stop chasing her dream, and a very shy girl, Yuna. They meet and influence each other to create their own future.
 Taichi Keaton is a half-British half-Japanese archeologist and SAS veteran of the Falklands War. He solves mysteries and investigates insurance fraud for Lloyd's around the world.
 Taichi Keaton is a half-British half-Japanese archeologist and SAS veteran of the Falklands War. He solves mysteries and investigates insurance fraud for Lloyd's around the world.
 1998
 In the 1920's, Inaho resurrects a vampire named Mosquiton with her blood. He awakens and becomes her slave. Now, Inaho is after the O-Part, which will grant her immortality. However, a bunch of supernatural monsters are out to stop them from achieving their goal.
 Catholic schoolgirl Inaho discovers that a vampire, Mosquiton, is feeding off of her classmates. So she stakes him, but he is revived after her blood comes in contact with the his remains. Mosquiton becomes her slave and also a history teacher. Together, along with Yuuki and Honou, the unlikely duo have many escapades and adventures. One of Inaho's main goals is to find the mythical O-Part to make some money!
 In the 1920's, Inaho resurrects a vampire named Mosquiton with her blood. He awakens and becomes her slave. Now, Inaho is after the O-Part, which will grant her immortality. However, a bunch of supernatural monsters are out to stop them from achieving their goal.(Source
 Over millions of years, there have been many ages - war, gods, and future to name a few. Each of these was infinitely less exciting than the current Animation Age! In this RPG-esque existence, becoming stronger is paramount to one's survival and leveling up is a must. From pacifists to news casting, from fishing woes to love advice, there's nothing the Animation Age can't show or teach us about life in a game world! Armed with healing spells, changes of clothes and plenty of summoned familiars, the characters of Master of Epic will do what it takes to level up and live to fight another day!
 Ling Xiao of East Tang was unable to cultivate because of his father’s enlightenment seed prepared for him. At the age of 18, Ling Xiao is approached by Wei Jun Tian to awaken the seed of enlightenment and encounters two powerful enemies, the Lie Yang Clan and the Dragon Phoenix Palace, in Gui Prefecture, East Tang. From Gui Prefecture, Ling Xiao enters Yan Prefecture and learns from his aunt that his father is not an ordinary man and that he has a mission that he should undertake. Ling Xiao becomes the Son of Heaven’s Destiny in the battle for qi in the Inferno Realm and succeeds in gaining access to the Three Thousand Worlds.
 At the end of the Four Seasons
 An epilogue of Master of Torque shows what the series' characters are up to one year after the events of Season 3 at the foot of Mt. Fuji.
 Gyagu Manga Biyori is an anime that is about absolutely nothing. It is comprised of 12 short stories (5 minutes long each) that only build up a small amount of plot for each story. The anime feeds off the stupidest things, but is quite humorous.
 Gyagu Manga Biyori is hyperactive, random, and nonsensical, revolving around various plots and characters throughout the series. It makes absolutely no sense. The 1st episode is about stickers included in snacks
 Based on Masuda Kosuke's popular gag manga. Famous for its cynicism and sarcasm. Features omnibus styled 5-minute episodes starring various characters; including historical figures.
 Loki, the Norse god of mischief, has been exiled to the human world for what was apparently a bad joke. Along with being exiled, he's forced to take the form of a child. He's told the only way he can get back to the world of the gods is if he can collect auras of evil that take over human hearts, and so to do this he runs a detective agency. Loki is soon joined by a human girl named Mayura who is a maniac for mysteries, and she soon helps out in her own way. However, soon other Norse gods begin to appear, and most have the intent to assassinate Loki for reasons unclear.
 Loki, the Norse god of mischief, has been exiled to the human world for what was apparently a bad joke. Along with being exiled, he's forced to take the form of a child. He's told the only way he can get back to the world of the gods is if he can collect auras of evil that take over human hearts, and so to do this he runs a detective agency. Loki is soon joined by a human girl named Mayura who is a maniac for mysteries, and she soon helps out in her own way. However, soon other Norse gods begin to appear, and most have the intent to assassinate Loki for reasons unclear.(Source
 When entrances to a different dimension known as the "Mato" emerge all over Japan, a new resource known as "Peaches" are discovered which give unique abilities only to women. However, dangerous monsters called "Yomotsu Shuuki" also roam throughout the Mato and have been responsible for various disasters ever since. To combat them, the government formed the Anti-demon Corps, an elite group of women who have received power from the Peaches.One day, a high school student named Yuuki Wakura was walking home from school when he suddenly got lost in a Mato entrance. When he calls for help, he is immediately rescued by Kyouka Uzen, the chief of the Seventh Unit of the Anti-demon Corps. Recognizing his potential while also needing him to make her Peach power more effective, she asks that Yuuki join the Anti-demon Corps by becoming her slave, a position he might find more enjoyable than he initially would have thought...
 For the Takakura family, destiny is an ever-spinning wheel, pointing passionately in their direction with equal tides of joy and sorrow before ticking on to the next wishmaker. With their parents gone, twin brothers Kanba and Shouma live alone with their beloved little sister Himari, whose poor health cannot decline any further.On the day Himari is given permission to temporarily leave the hospital, her brothers take her out to the aquarium to celebrate, where the family's supposed fate is brought forth with her sudden collapse. However, when Himari is inexplicably revived by a penguin hat from the aquarium's souvenir shop, the hand of fate continues to tick faithfully forward.With her miraculous recovery, though, comes a cost
 The sequel to Mitsubachi Maya no Bouken.
 17 year old Konoe Subaru is the butler of classmate Suzutsuki Kanade. One day, classmate Sakamoto Kinjirou discovers that Konoe is actually a girl.
 The story revolves around Takumi Tsuzuki, a boy who lives with his older “sister” Otome, although the two have no blood ties between them. Otome manages a run-down confectionary store called Stray Cats. One day, Otome picks up a mysterious beautiful girl off the streets.
 A shady bus tour of young men and women are headed to an elusive village called Nanakimura. A destination where people can partake in an utopian existence, free of the world's obstacles... or so goes the rumor.Heading deep into the mountains, the bus is carrying 30 different individuals, each harboring their own expectations and troubled hearts...What they had arrived to was an uninhabited village with lingering, faint scents of life and it was falling apart.Just what is the secret of Nanakimura?
 Miyako Arata is newly assigned to the Shinjuku Ward Office's Nighttime Regional Relations Department. Each of Tokyo's 23 wards has one such department, established to mitigate paranormal and occult-related events. Arata's special skill is the understanding of non-human speech, and the story begins with him encountering a youkai at Shinjuku Gyoen park who refers to him as the legendary Heian-era exorcist, Abe no Seimei.
 Miyako Arata is newly assigned to the Shinjuku Ward Office's Nighttime Regional Relations Department. Each of Tokyo's 23 wards has one such department, established to mitigate paranormal and occult-related events. Arata's special skill is the understanding of non-human speech, and the story begins with him encountering a youkai at Shinjuku Gyoen park who refers to him as the legendary Heian-era exorcist, Abe no Seimei.
 Bundled with the limited edition 12th manga volume.
 Bundled with the limited edition 12th manga volume.Miyako Arata is newly assigned to the Shinjuku Ward Nocturnal Community Relations Division. Each of Tokyo's 23 wards has one such department, established to mitigate paranormal and occult-related events. Arata's special skill is the understanding of non-human speech, and the story begins with him encountering a youkai at Shinjuku Imperial Gardens who refers to him as the legendary Heian-era exorcist, Abe no Seimei.
 2 Unaired Episodes of Mayonaka no Occult Koumuin.
 2 Unaired Episodes of Mayonaka no Occult Koumuin.
 Maze has gained incredible powers traveling through time and space, but she has also acquired one rather large problem
 Maze wakes up in her house, everything is a wreck and she has amnesia. Before she can gather what has happened the girl Mill storms into her house thanking her for having saved her life. She tells Maze that her house suddenly fell down from the sky and crushed Mills pursuers under it. However before long they are both on the run from further pursuers who want their hands on princess Mill. They are only saved when Maze discovers that she has phantom light magical powers and can summon Mills family heirloom mecha. However her performance with the mecha is weak; that is until the sun goes down and she is turned in to a lecherous man. Soon other travellers join them as Maze tries to protect Mill and figure out what she is doing in this fantasy world.
 Maze wakes up in her house, everything is a wreck and she has amnesia. Before she can gather what has happened the girl Mill storms into her house thanking her for having saved her life. She tells Maze that her house suddenly fell down from the sky and crushed Mills pursuers under it. However before long they are both on the run from further pursuers who want their hands on princess Mill. They are only saved when Maze discovers that she has phantom light magical powers and can summon Mills family heirloom mecha. However her performance with the mecha is weak; that is until the sun goes down and she is turned in to a lecherous man. Soon other travellers join them as Maze tries to protect Mill and figure out what she is doing in this fantasy world.(Source
 The franchise's story centers on wizards who gather mazica in order to save the world. Junior high school student Kezuru wakes up after a strange dream featuring himself as a wizard, a creature called "mazin," and a mysterious girl. The next day, his friend Kuracchi proudly shows off the newly launched Mazica Party card game. To Kezuru's shock, all the characters drawn in the game's cards are just like the ones in his dream.Meanwhile, Kezuru receives a notification for an event at the major international company Mazica. Intrigued, Kezuru goes to the Mazica Store as directed, only to meet the Mazica CEO himself, Jeff Johns. Johns says, "I have great expectations for you," and hands Kezuru Mazica Gear.On his way back home, Kezuru is attacked by an airship-like creature. Just when he thinks, "this is it!" to himself, his Mazica Gear erupts and a magic book appears. When he scratches a card, he seals a contract with Barunya, a "mazin" creature that is an odd remixed fusion between an airship and a cat.The mysterious girl Anya says Kezuru and those of his ilk will be "the true wizards who save the world." Amid all these mysterious revelations, Kezuru enrolls in the Mazica Academy and engages in Mazica Party card battles alongside his partner mazin.
 The villainous Dr. Hell has amassed an army of mechanical beasts in his secret hideaway, the island of Bardos located in the Aegean Sea. He is capable of controlling mechanized beasts with his cane, and instructs them to unleash devastating attacks. However, Dr. Hell doesn't do all the dirty work by himself; he has his loyal henchman Baron Ashura to carry out his devilish plans.There are also those that will see to it that evil does not prevail. Kouji Kabuto is the young and feisty teenager with a score to settle
 The villainous Dr. Hell has amassed an army of mechanical beasts in his secret hideaway, the island of Bardos located in the Aegean Sea. He is capable of controlling mechanized beasts with his cane, and instructs them to unleash devastating attacks. However, Dr. Hell doesn't do all the dirty work by himself; he has his loyal henchman Baron Ashura to carry out his devilish plans.There are also those that will see to it that evil does not prevail. Kouji Kabuto is the young and feisty teenager with a score to settle
 Ten years ago, the villainous scientist Dr. Hell led his wicked followers, known as the Underground Empire, in a struggle to destroy all of humanity. It was against these forces that the young hero Kouji Kabuto fought, piloting the legendary super robot "Mazinger Z." Kouji's victory stopped Dr. Hell's evil plan and returned peace to the Earth.Now Kouji has left the pilot seat behind and become a scientist in his own right, following in his father's and grandfather's footsteps. Yet an unexpected encounter deep under Mt. Fuji triggers an even greater threat to mankind than ever before and alters Kouji's destiny forever. With humanity's fate in their hands, Kouji and Mazinger Z face a choice between good... and evil.
 Ten years ago, the villainous scientist Dr. Hell led his wicked followers, known as the Underground Empire, in a struggle to destroy all of humanity. It was against these forces that the young hero Kouji Kabuto fought, piloting the legendary super robot "Mazinger Z." Kouji's victory stopped Dr. Hell's evil plan and returned peace to the Earth.Now Kouji has left the pilot seat behind and become a scientist in his own right, following in his father's and grandfather's footsteps. Yet an unexpected encounter deep under Mt. Fuji triggers an even greater threat to mankind than ever before and alters Kouji's destiny forever. With humanity's fate in their hands, Kouji and Mazinger Z face a choice between good... and evil.
 Kouji and his friends have defeated Dr. Hell and are now enjoying a break, but suddenly a strange prophet appears and warns everyone of an oncoming danger, mechanical beasts never seen before start appearing all around the world wrecking havoc. Its up to Kouji and his Mazinger Z to stand up to this threat but it seems he is vastly outnumber and outmatched.This film served as an alternative link between the Mazinger Z TV series and the Great Mazinger TV series. It basically introduces Great Mazinger to the audience, as well as his enemies from the Mikene Empire.
 The Evil Demon Clan is attacking!Only the Super-Robot Mazinger Z can save us.And here comes Devilman, the good one of the Demon Clan.He will help you defeat Dr. Hell and Lord Zennon, the leaders of the Demon Clan!Go, Mazinger Z!!!
 Dr. Hell and his Mechanical Beasts are back, and they're more dangerous than ever before. Kouji Kabuto and Tetsuya Tsurugi fight a fierce battle against these hellish machines, which are under the command of Baron Ashura. Unfortunately, they are defeated, with Kouji's Mazinger Z being captured and Tetsuya's Great Mazinger seriously damaged by the enemy.The devious Dr. Hell quickly converts the captured robot into Ashura Mazinger and uses it to attack the Photo Power Lab. At the same time, Kouji is missing in action, which leaves Testuya to defend the lab in the damaged Great Mazinger. But the forces of Dr. Hell are too strong, even for a brave pilot such as Tetsuya, and all seems to be lost.The battle seems to be drawing to a close, until an overpowering blast fired by an unknown robot destroys the entire Mechanical Beast army. Could this mysterious robot be the legendary Mazinkaiser, and who is piloting it?
 Dr. Hell and his Mechanical Beasts are back, and they're more dangerous than ever before. Kouji Kabuto and Tetsuya Tsurugi fight a fierce battle against these hellish machines, which are under the command of Baron Ashura. Unfortunately, they are defeated, with Kouji's Mazinger Z being captured and Tetsuya's Great Mazinger seriously damaged by the enemy.The devious Dr. Hell quickly converts the captured robot into Ashura Mazinger and uses it to attack the Photo Power Lab. At the same time, Kouji is missing in action, which leaves Testuya to defend the lab in the damaged Great Mazinger. But the forces of Dr. Hell are too strong, even for a brave pilot such as Tetsuya, and all seems to be lost.The battle seems to be drawing to a close, until an overpowering blast fired by an unknown robot destroys the entire Mechanical Beast army. Could this mysterious robot be the legendary Mazinkaiser, and who is piloting it?
 Prior to the events of the anime, three factions - the Garan Army, the Kiba Army, and the Aira Army, battle for total dominance of Machine Island. The island is basically a prison, isolated from the rest of the world. The island contains a vast amount of resources, allowing the three factions to create an infinite supply of giant robots for their respective armies.The world government learns that the island's power reactor has become unstable and will explode within 66 hours, destroying all of life and Earth itself. The government sends the Death Caprice squad, composed of mercenaries Ken Kaido and Ryo Magami to solve the issue, along with their giant robot Mazinkaiser, but was that a good idea?
 Kouji is on holiday when the 7 generals from Mikene attacks the world, under the leadership of the General of Darkness.How will Kouji be able to stop them...
 What do you do when you do not need the most perfect and most dangerous soldier around any more? You try locking him up in an orbital satellite until you need him again (and hope you never need him again). What if he gets out? Well, he gets rather upset and violent.The planet Jerra has this exact problem. M.D. Geist thrives on battle and death and when he gets the chance to trigger the ultimate doomsday program, the Death Force, he takes it and turns the entire face of Jerra into a battlefield as thousands of robots turn out and begin to destroy all life on the planet.
 In this sequel to the original MD Geist story, the Death Force has been let loose on the planet. These robots are out to kill and otherwise hurt every living thing that's left.A little annoyed about this, the remaining people decide that they've had enough... and of course Geist himself will confront another one of those Most Dangerous soldiers that we've heard so much about...
 His name is qin ruo and he is a very dangerous person; with handsome but somewhat nasty gaze, he gives rather complicated impressions to others. Owning a third-story villa with a huge swimming pool, he is literally a rich guy but what he only lacks is a hot female companion! "Can I stay here?" she knocked open his door. He ogled her curved body with his eyes almost popping out and welcomed her in...
 Long ago, alien lifeforms came to Earth, fusing with people on the planet. Due to their appearance, they were dubbed "Mecha-ude," as when fused, they bore a striking resemblance to mechanized limbs.Through an involuntary partnership, average middle schooler Hikaru Amatsuga works alongside the Mecha-ude Arma, who is an extremely rare and special existence. To protect Arma, the resistance group ARMS assigns the dual Mecha-ude user Aki Murasame to follow him wherever he goes. However, she is also looking for a mysterious Snake-Type Mecha-ude wielder, who has put many of her comrades in a critical state.Behind the scenes, an organization known as the Kagami Group is searching for the mythical "Trigger Arm," a Mecha-ude said to grant unlimited power. When Aki's life is threatened by this group, Hikaru must team up with Arma to find the courage to fight back and, along the way, learn that his life will never be ordinary again.
 A boy named Ikki Tenrio, using his Medabee, participates in Robattles; fights that square off robots, or ‘Medabots’, against eachother. Ikki must also stop the plans of the nefarious “RubberRobo Gang”.
 A boy named Ikki Tenrio, using his Medabee, participates in Robattles; fights that square off robots, or 'Medabots', against eachother. Ikki must also stop the plans of the nefarious "RubberRobo Gang".
 The sequel to the famous Medabots series, following the continuing adventures of Ikki and Metabee. The two encountered a strange enemy named Jinkai and the so called Death Medabots. Along with Nae and Erica, they will defeat Jinkai and the Death Medabots.
 Plot Summary
 Medaka Kurokami is, in the truest sense of the word, perfect. Beautiful, intelligent, and athletic, Medaka's dream is to make others happy. So when she runs for Student Council President of the prestigious Hakoniwa Academy, winning the election with 98% of the votes is only to be expected. The very first thing the boisterous new president does is set up the "Medaka Box," a suggestion box allowing students to submit any kind of request for assistance. Together with the cynical Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, her childhood friend who has been strong-armed into helping, Medaka fulfills these requests at a ridiculous rate. For every job completed, she adds flowers to the student council room, with the aim of filling the entire school. However, the two are about to find out that helping others may be a lot harder than they think as they begin to uncover a devastating plan centering on the academy and even Medaka herself!
 Plot Summary
 The sequel to the famous Medabots series, following the continuing adventures of Ikki and Metabee. The two encountered a strange enemy named Jinkai and the so called Death Medabots. Along with Nae and Erica, they will defeat Jinkai and the Death Medabots.
 Reborn back to the age of seventeen, Yun Xiangwan vowed not to be bullied again. She beat a scumbag and married a high-profile man, but was forced to accept a man with leg problems. Yun Xiangwan was ridiculed and ridiculed. But a man held her in his palm, others humiliated her and returned it ten times, and others deceived her and returned a hundred times. One day, Yun thought about it and was shocked
 Reborn back to the age of seventeen, Yun thinks about vowing not to be bullied anymore, she beats a scumbag to high-profile marriage,But he was forced to accept a man with leg problems, Yun thinks about being laughed at and ridiculed by others.But when a man held her in his palm, others humiliated her and returned it ten times, and others deceived her a hundred times.One day, Yun thought about it and was shocked


 Ashita no Joe 50th anniversary project. JD (Junk Dog) participates in fixed boxing matches in an underground ring in order to live. Today, he enters the ring again, but he encounters a certain person. JD wants to take on a challenge that risks everything.
 "To be quiet and do as you're told, that's the cowardly choice." These are the words of Junk Dog, an underground fighter of Megalo Box, an evolution of boxing that utilizes mechanical limbs known as Gear to enhance the speed and power of its users. Despite the young man's brimming potential as a boxer, the illegal nature of his participation forces him to make a living off of throwing matches as dictated by his boss Gansaku Nanbu. However, this all changes when the Megalo Box champion Yuuri enters his shabby ring under the guise of just another challenger. Taken out in a single round, Junk Dog is left with a challenge
 The year is 21XX. Reploids are commonplace now, after Dr. Cain rediscovered Dr. Light's old lab and based several designs off of Dr. Light's original, called Megaman X. X, meanwhile, has joined the Maverick Hunters, and works with unit leader Zero under the command of General Sigma. It is their job to terminate rogue Reploids, those who have become violent.
 In the year of 20XX, a young boy by the name of Netto Hikari receives a very special gift as he enters the 5th grade. His very own customized net navi, Rockman! Despite Rockman's small size and far more responsible personality, the two boys quickly become the best of friends. A net navi is designed to guide his operator from the inside of his or her PErsonal Terminal, or simply PET for short. Children and adults alike enjoy friendly "Net Battles", where they spar their navis against each other to prove their worth.(Source
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 In the year 220X, the world has advanced toward radio-wave technology, and the world is connected through the Wave Road. Meet Subaru Hoshikawa, a fifth-grade student who lost his father in a space accident. Subaru meets an extraterrestrial radio-wave being named War-Rock, descending from a distant FM planet. War-Rock claims to know about Subaru's father, but many alien beings are after War-Rock. The two work together and merge into Rockman, a radio-wave human capable of traversing the Wave Road and battling the radio-wave viruses and FMs that threaten the Earth.
 Summary
 The year is 21XX. Reploids are commonplace now, after Dr. Cain rediscovered Dr. Light's old lab and based several designs off of Dr.Light's original, called "Megaman X." X, meanwhile, has joined the Maverick Hunters, and works with unit leader Zero under the command of General Sigma. It is their job to terminate rogue reploids, those who have become violent.(Source
 In the future humankind has expanded and colonized other planets. Then an alien species, Victim, attacks the human colonies leaving only one planet, Zion. In an effort to stop Victim from destroying the last planet a training school, GOA, is set up to gather boys from the Zion colonies and train them to become pilots of the Ingrids AKA The Goddesses, five fighting robots that protect Zion. The boys must possess a rare blood type, EO, as well as a special ability, or EX. Zero (Candidate 88) has just arrived in GOA when he falls into the cockpit of the Ingrid Eeva-Leena. Since the synch between pilot and Ingrid are very sensitive everyone believes the Goddess will kill Zero in an attempt to synch. Just before Zero passes out he makes a full synch with the Goddess. Before he can find out more about the incident, his pilot training begins.(Source
 Mama Megami, the mother goddess and ruler of paradise is retiring. Her successor appoints a young mage named Lilith to be one of her guardians. Lilith's first assignment is to recruit two more worthy guardians for the new Mama Megami. Not an easy task, as Stashia, the first candidate on Lilith's short list is not interested. Lilith didn't even have a chance to ask the second person on the list, a warrior named Juliana due to a misunderstanding caused by Stashia's little sister Rurubell. Rurubell wants to be a guardian, but Lilith turned her down due to her very young age and lack of experience. Meanwhile, Paradise is under attack by an evil goddess who wants to dominate it, and it's up to Lilith, Stashia, Rurubell, and Juliana to thwart the attackers.
 Nagumi Koushi is a 12-year-old boy who was abandoned by his father after their house caught on fire, leaving him to roam the streets penniless. Then one day, a girl named Minerva who finds him lying on the sidewalk, takes him to a women's college dormitory, one known for housing troublesome residents, and asks him to be their "Dormitory Mother." Surrounded by older women, forced to deal with their idiosyncrasies, Koushi starts his new (somewhat ecchi) life!
 Nagumi Koushi is a 12-year-old boy who was abandoned by his father after their house caught on fire, leaving him to roam the streets penniless. Then one day, a girl named Minerva who finds him lying on the sidewalk, takes him to a women's college dormitory, one known for housing troublesome residents, and asks him to be their "Dormitory Mother." Surrounded by older women, forced to deal with their idiosyncrasies, Koushi starts his new (somewhat ecchi) life!
 The supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis, the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero, he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life.
 Four short stories about girls who wear glasses.
 Akira Souma attends a rural school and has a passion for his glasses. He forms a Glasses Club and makes his various bespectacled classmates join.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 In an ordinary town, there are people who live a peaceful and fulfilling life. But they don't know that it is a false peace. The untold truth... The earth has already been destroyed...99.9% of the human race has been wiped out by a mysterious alien force from outer space. The enemy is named "Dracters." Eventually, a large hole was drilled in the earth and terraformed into a suitable environment for the aliens to live. Humans have no choice but to hide in shelters to escape their eyes. Waiting for the day of resurrection, which they do not know when it will come...The inhabitants of the shelter Ixia have had their memories of the day of destruction erased, and live a normal life without knowing anything about it. However, some of them, the "chosen ones," have become pilots, driving giant robots called "Rogue" and fighting against aliens. Today, another new pilot is selected...
 Second season of Megaton-kyuu Musashi.
 Shougo Yahagi is a young motorcycle enthusiast living in a world of hot bikes, hard rock, and J-pop idols. The general populace go about their lives in peace, under the watchful eyes of a computer program in the guise of pop idol sensation Eve, unbeknownst to them. Shougo himself is mostly concerned with riding his motorcycle and picking up beautiful women like Yui Takanaka, who aspires to be a dancer.Shougo's life suddenly changes when his friend, Shinji Nakagawa, shows him a top-secret project
 Shougo Yahagi is a young motorcycle enthusiast living in a world of hot bikes, hard rock, and J-pop idols. The general populace go about their lives in peace, under the watchful eyes of a computer program in the guise of pop idol sensation Eve, unbeknownst to them. Shougo himself is mostly concerned with riding his motorcycle and picking up beautiful women like Yui Takanaka, who aspires to be a dancer.Shougo's life suddenly changes when his friend, Shinji Nakagawa, shows him a top-secret project
 Shun Onoda struggled to overcome his own demons. Yuki Nakamura wanted to become one of the few female members of a special rescue team. And Daigo Toake met them with his outstanding talent and unshakable determination. These three firefighters aspired to join the Special Rescue Team (a.k.a. "Orange"), as the story of a "national crisis" in Japan began to unfold!
 Seconde saison de Mei Chu Xi De Yin Yang Shi Yi Jia.
 The third season of Meichuxi De Yinyangshi Yijia.
 A young man named Akitsu Masato is captured by a secret govt. project known as "Last Guardian". He is told that his life as a normal student was all a lie, and that his real destiny is to be the pilot of a great robot called "Zeorymer of the Heavens". The truth of this is hammered in when Masato sees his parents accept payment for raising him. The Last Guardian is preparing for the resurrection of "Hau Dragon", an organization bent on world conquest. 15 years ago, Hau Dragon built 8 great robots. Each of the mecha represents a force of nature. However, before any of the robots could be used, their creater Kihara Masaki destroyed the robots except for the leader
 After befriending a white Pyrenees dog he names Belle, Sebastian sets out on a journey to find the mother he knows is still alive.
 John is a cheerful and energetic young boy, who lives in a small coal-mining town in England. One day he finds a small dog lost in a flock of sheep. John takes her back home and names the puppy Lassie. Soon they become good friends, just like real siblings. Lassie is a very lovely and smart dog, so everyone in the town loves her very much.But their happy life doesn't last long. Suddenly a coal-mine owner closes his company because there is no more coal left in the coal mine. John goes to meet the coal-mine owner to request a further investigation. The owner accepts John's request, but in exchange for that, he takes Lassie to Scotland.Priscilla, the owner's granddaughter and also John's friend, cannot just stand by and let Lassie suffer in a cage. She opens the cage and sets Lassie free. Lassie sets out on a very long and hard journey from Scotland to her hometown.
 A young man named Akitsu Masato is captured by a secret govt. project known as "Last Guardian". He is told that his life as a normal student was all a lie, and that his real destiny is to be the pilot of a great robot called "Zeorymer of the Heavens". The truth of this is hammered in when Masato sees his parents accept payment for raising him. The Last Guardian is preparing for the resurrection of "Hau Dragon", an organization bent on world conquest. 15 years ago, Hau Dragon built 8 great robots. Each of the mecha represents a force of nature. However, before any of the robots could be used, their creater Kihara Masaki destroyed the robots except for the leader
 Featuring a modern-day odd couple, the naive virgin Kubota and the handsome charmer Hachisuka, who meet up by accident in a Middle Eastern desert and return to Japan to hustle their way through life. They start by getting involved in shady TV dealings, where they get jobs making fake docmentaries.
 Anime adaptation of the spin-off manga Meitantei Conan
 Anime adaptation of the spin-off manga Meitantei Conan
 Anime adaptation of the spin-off manga Meitantei Conan
 Anime adaptation of the spin-off manga Meitantei Conan
 Loosely based on the "Sherlock Holmes" series by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Hound turns all the classic characters into dogs. The canine Sherlock Holmes, his assistant Watson, and housemaid Mrs. Hudson work together to solve mysteries. The culprit is usually Professor Moriarty and his gang, who use all kinds of wacky contraptions to steal what they want.
 Loosely based on the "Sherlock Holmes" series by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Hound turns all the classic characters into dogs. The canine Sherlock Holmes, his assistant Watson, and housemaid Mrs. Hudson work together to solve mysteries. The culprit is usually Professor Moriarty and his gang, who use all kinds of wacky contraptions to steal what they want.(Source
 Shintaro Kisaragi, a HikiNEET who shut himself inside his room for 2 years, had been living his life normally until he met a cyber girl named Ene, who appeared in his computer screen when someone anonymously sent him a mysterious e-mail one year ago. One day, Ene messes with Shintaro's PC which causes him to go outside for the first time in two years.
 The four-part Niconico streaming program "Seek at Mekakucity," which began on August 7 and featured Kagerou Project characters, ended on Tuesday with an announcement that the franchise will get "more anime." The end of the video reveals a tentative title for a new anime
 Meltylancer is a Galaxy Police Organization unit comprised by six girls, all of which who have their own special skills and talents. A year has passed since the unit's disbandment, but a new threat leaves the GPO no choice but to recall all the members. With a new commander and a new aide, Meltylancer is deployed once again.
 From Ootomo Katsuhiro, acclaimed creator of Akira, comes an animated masterpiece; three short stories all put together as a series of Memories. Part one is titled Magnetic Rose, a science fiction tale that tells a chilling story of love, loss, and the unwillingness to forget. Part two is titled Stink Bomb - a tongue-in-cheek story of a chemical researcher who is just looking for a way to get rid of his cold... so why is everybody around him dying? Story three is titled Cannon fodder, and is an introspective tale about modern wars and simply following orders. Music conducted by Yoko Kanno, Jun Miyake, Hiroyuki Nagashima, and Takkyu Ishino.
 The continuing adventures of Agents K and J as they deal with problems with extraterrestrials in New York City.
 Ye Jiayao finds herself back in time in the body of Ye Jinxuan. After many twists, she thought that she would finally be able to lead a simple life and achieve her dream of opening the best restaurant in Huai Song. However, there are villains constantly trying to bring her down.
 The third season of Meng Qi Shi Shen.
 The second season of Meng Qi Shi Shen.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Merc Storia takes places in a world where humans and monsters coexist. The protagonist, Yuu, is a healer apprentice and possesses the ability to tame monsters. In a quest to regain the memories of Merc, a girl confined in a bottle, the pair embarks on a journey.
 Plot Summary
 According to an ancient legend, mermaid's flesh can grant immortality if eaten. 500 years ago, Yuta unknowingly ate a piece of mermaid's flesh. For centuries, he travels across Japan, hoping to find a mermaid, thinking she may be able to make him a normal human again. When he finally finds one, he discovers that she and her companions have been raising a girl to be their food so they can eat her and take on her youthful looks. That is how mermaids stay young. Yuta kills the mermaids and rescues her, but she has already eaten some of the mermaid's flesh. Although he had to kill the mermaids, Yuta isn't too disappointed. Yuta's once lonely existence is now over, as he has found a companion in Mana. And Mana, who had been trapped in a small hut her whole life, finds delight in even the simplest of things. Together, Yuta and Mana attempt to seek out more mermaids, trying to become normal humans again.
 
 After the final battle against Gaito, Sara had given her life to remain with him. The sea world is now at peace, but only with six mermaid princesses.While Caren, Noel, and Coco have returned to their kingdoms, it should be time for Lucia, Hanon, and Rina to do the same. After all, Mitsuki Tarou is leaving for Germany, and Doumoto Kaito is heading to Hawaii. Lucia is devestated, and when things couldn't get any worse, Kaito is lost at sea! Worst of all, a strange angel named Michel has appeared, wanting the mermaids to join him. But on the lighter side, Sara's spirit tells Lucia of Sara's successor, a young mermaid named Seira. The mermaids are in for another adventure!
 Ginga is a determined beyblader; he will fight 100 beys from the Face Hunters and meet Kyouya.
 A new cast of characters take on the continued battle between good and evil. Ginga, our hero, and his group of loyal friends take on a dangerous group called the Dark Nebula. The Dark Nebula’s sole mission is to take over the world and unleash their evil upon it; but before they can do so, they must destroy Ginga as he is the only person that’s strong enough to stand in their way. The plot thickens as friends become enemies and enemies become allies. Everything starts and ends with Ginga as he struggles to find the strength to defend his world and the honor of Beyblade.
 Seven years have passed since the God of Destruction met his end at the hands of a great Blader. A new era of Beyblade has begun, bringing with it new Blades. When Zero Kurogane witnessed the final battle with the lord of destruction years ago, a fire began to burn within him to push forward to a new future.While Zero is the champion in his hometown, he wants to test himself and seeks out greater opponents, heading to Gingka’s hometown. When Zero arrives and discovers that Gingka is nowhere to be found, he learns that Bladers from all over the world have come to test themselves against the Zero Gravity Bey stadium. Wanting to push his skills forward, Zero takes part in the new era of Beyblade, testing his might against the Zero Gravity stadiums.
 In the near future, the sports world is dominated by Neo Wrestling, a new spectacle in which Metal Fighters challenge each other to be named champion.The story follows the girls of the Pretty Four; Miku, Ginko, Sayaka, and Nana, as they face off against the current champions, Team Sapphire. With a burnt out drunk named Eiichi Suo for a coach the girls must not only contend with problems in the arena but also unforseen circumstances that arise in day to day life. Only through protecting their friends, understanding their enemies, and eventually challenging their idol Aquamarine, can Miku and the girls understand Eiichi's purpose and the shady secrets behind Neo Wrestling.
 In the near future, the sports world is dominated by Neo Wrestling, a new spectacle in which Metal Fighters challenge each other to be named champion.The story follows the girls of the Pretty Four; Miku, Ginko, Sayaka, and Nana, as they face off against the current champions, Team Sapphire. With a burnt out drunk named Eiichi Suo for a coach the girls must not only contend with problems in the arena but also unforseen circumstances that arise in day to day life. Only through protecting their friends, understanding their enemies, and eventually challenging their idol Aquamarine, can Miku and the girls understand Eiichi's purpose and the shady secrets behind Neo Wrestling.
 Metallic Rouge is an original action sci-fi TV anime commemorating the 25th anniversary of studio Bones.
 Set in the future, Metropolis is a grand city-state populated by humans and robots, the cohabitants of a strictly segmented society. Amidst the chaos created by anti-robot factions, detective Hunsaku Ban and his sidekick Ken'ichi are searching for rebel scientist Dr. Laughton. But when they locate him, his secret laboratory is destroyed by fire under sinister circumstances, and instead Ken'ichi finds Tima, a beautiful young girl bereft of memory and speech, seemingly helpless at the site. Little does he know that Tima is a new top-of the-line android created to take over Metropolis, and that behind her creation lie the ambitions of a powerful man and his fierce desire to reclaim a tragic figure from his past.
 The story begins when a middle school girl named Yume sees something fall from the sky, and meets a pale violet-colored kitten named Mew. It turns out that Mew has the power of "Yume Synchro" (Dream Synchro), the power to enter dreams. In the dream world, the girl and Mew collect Dream Stones.
 Second season of Mewkledreamy.
 Plot Summary
 Mikura, Kurokawa, and Harada are the 3 members of the Danger Service Agency (DSA). Mikura is the brawns of the group, Harada is the brains, and Kurokawa is just a bitter ex-cop that likes to think he's in charge. They'll take on any job as long as it involves lots of danger and, of course, money. If you want to live long enough to eat dinner, you better not cross them. Their biggest case, however, could prove to be finding out why someone wants Kurokawa assassinated.
 In the multiverse called the data world, everything corresponding to the real world is stored. Within it, the data from relics of human culture gained self-awareness, and a secret group of spirits established an alliance
 A magician, a female doctor, a gangster, an archaeology professor, a policewoman, a drug dealer, a businessman... Such a random group of people find themselves trapped on a desolate island when they wake up from sleep one day. They are surrounded by primitive tribes, mutant viruses, and countless life and death situations on this mysterious island. What will they do to survive and escape?
 Spoiled rich girl Yao Sakurakouji decides to join the Miami police force to enjoy car chases, gunfights and wanton destruction. The psychotic and not-too-bright Yao is partnered with Lu Amano, the soft-spoken and sharp-tongued daughter of the police chief. Together the dirty duo clean up the streets of Miami and take on a mysterious crime syndicate known only as 'The Organization'.
 Spoiled rich girl Yao Sakurakouji decides to join the Miami police force to enjoy car chases, gunfights and wanton destruction. The psychotic and not-too-bright Yao is partnered with Lu Amano, the soft-spoken and sharp-tongued daughter of the police chief. Together the dirty duo clean up the streets of Miami and take on a mysterious crime syndicate known only as 'The Organization'.

 Hatchin is a girl raised by strict foster parents who has long given up her dreams of freedom. Michiko is a sexy criminal who escapes from a supposedly inescapable prison. When she suddenly enters Hana’s life, these two very different women set off on a journey across a lawless land in search of a missing man from both their pasts.
 The plot focuses around a Cyborg woman named Ivy, who defends the entire universe from enemies with her built-in evil-sensing computers. The enemy infects her with a virus. Now the only one to save her is Diatron 5, the mecha shrunk down to microscopic size that goes in to fight the bacteria. Two kids, a battle station called the "Star Wars" and Diatron's inventor join her in the battle against evil. Evil being an androgynous woman named Mary, her brother with blue skin who looks suspiciously like Spock and their fleet of robots and forest green demon-like aliens.
 When Ao was in kindergarten, she smiled ear-to-ear as she told her classmates how her father, a bestselling erotic author, chose her name

 Furinji Goku is a detective who has an "eye of god".While he was investigating the murder case of his colleague when he had been an officer, he was pressured to stop it by the police executives. However, he continue investigating, and he lost his left eye. When he was about to be killed, a mysterious group helped him and transplant an artificial eye. The eye was a super technological device that connected to the whole computer network in the world, and enabled him to control any computers.
 Furinji Goku is a detective who has an "eye of god".While he was investigating the murder case of his colleague when he had been an officer, he was pressured to stop it by the police executives. However, he continue investigating, and he lost his left eye. When he was about to be killed, a mysterious group helped him and transplant an artificial eye. The eye was a super technological device that connected to the whole computer network in the world, and enabled him to control any computers.
 Goku, the lone wolf private detective is back, contracted by Yoshiko, a mysterious, beautiful and very afraid woman, to find and save her brother, Ryu. Will Goku be able to protect Yoshiko from her step father's soldiers long enough to find her brother? Meanwhile Ryu, the unfortunate subject of a military experiment gone bad, leaves a trail of bodies behind him and has no intention of being found or saved by anyone. Will Goku have to kill the man he is supposed to save? Will even his omniscient cybernetic eye and sceptre be enough to help him defeat this indestructible killing machine?
 Goku, the lone wolf private detective is back, contracted by Yoshiko, a mysterious, beautiful and very afraid woman, to find and save her brother, Ryu. Will Goku be able to protect Yoshiko from her step father's soldiers long enough to find her brother? Meanwhile Ryu, the unfortunate subject of a military experiment gone bad, leaves a trail of bodies behind him and has no intention of being found or saved by anyone. Will Goku have to kill the man he is supposed to save? Will even his omniscient cybernetic eye and sceptre be enough to help him defeat this indestructible killing machine?
 High school delinquent Seiji Sawamura is desperate to have a girlfriend, especially after being rejected by 20 girls as of late. He’s afraid that he will end his life with his right hand as his only companion. Apparently, that doesn’t change when one day when he wakes up and discovers that his right hand has become a girl named Midori Kasugano, who confesses that she has had a crush on him for the last three years.
 There isn't a single person in Sakuradamon High who hasn't heard the legends about Seiji "The Mad Dog" Sawamura's demonically powerful right hand. His reputation makes it fairly difficult for him to approach girls, and after being rejected 20 times straight, he half-jokingly vows to finish high school with his right hand for a girlfriend.Much to his surprise, after waking up the next morning, Seiji discovers that his demon right hand has mysteriously turned into a miniature girl, Midori Kasugano, who reveals that she has had a crush on Seiji for the past three years. Because their situation is not ideal for either of them, Seiji attempts to return Midori to normal. But after causing a big misunderstanding at the Kasugano household, the pair decide to keep their predicament between them until a solution is found. Thus begins an odd relationship, and what could be the only chance for Midori to finally be with the one she loves.
 Miko is a typical high school student whose life turns upside down when she suddenly starts to see gruesome and hideous monsters. Despite being completely terrified, Miko carries on with her daily life, pretending not to notice the horrors that surround her. She must endure the fear in order to keep herself and her friend Hana out of danger, even if that means coming face to face with the absolute worst. Blending both comedy and horror, Mieruko-chan tells the story of a girl who tries to deal with the paranormal by acting indifferent toward it.
 The stork brought an angel into the lives of a childless middle-aged couple. His parents are kind, their house is luxurious and the meals are delicious, but to continue to revel in this happiness Hitori must conceal a certain fact from his family...
 Mignon is an original BL anime from South Korea. The animation follows a complex and exciting story of drama and desires. It revolves around a boxer named Mignon, and a vampire doctor Young-on Oh, who find solace in the presence of one another through an aggressive and romantic affair.
 When high school student Sora Kashiwagi finds himself staring down a mysterious oversized package sent to him by his self-proclaimed "adventurer" father, the last thing he expects is for it to be opened from the inside... by a little mummy so small it can fit in the palm of his hand!

 Mikakunin de Shinkoukei
 A kitten, abandoned and left for dead along with his siblings, is taken in by Tomu Kusanagi, who nurtures him and discovers that the tangerine cat he so adores is actually a genius who can talk, walk, read, and has even acquired a taste for liquor!
 Interactive collaborative multimedia music project between DECO*27 and Takuya Yamanaka.
 The story takes place during a conflict between the Krakozhia Dukedom and the Grania Republic. In the midst of the fighting, a savior appears to the Krakozhia Dukedom, and it is a high school student named Yano Souhei. Two female soldiers, First Lieutenant Ruto and Second Lieutenant Haruka, appear in tanks to intrude on Souhei's everyday life, followed by the enemy soldier Shachirofu, all of whom use firearms without hesitation at his house.
 From critically acclaimed director Kon Satoshi (Perfect Blue), comes the award-winning masterpiece, Millennium Actress. Known for his remarkable visual style, Kon seamlessly blends fantasy and reality into an exciting epic adventure of fate and destiny. Past and present collide as a film director discovers a mysterious key that unlocks the secrets of a legendary actress who vanished at the height of her brilliant career.

 Million Doll revolves around Suuko, an idol-loving hikikomori (shut-in) who has one ability
 The story takes place in a certain ordinary town where it is natural for everyone to wear an animal costume head. It depicts the everyday life of the main character MILPOM and her friends who live there, filled with the essence of Kawaii and a little bit cynical girls.
 In the task of catching drug lords in the Yunnan border, a special forces team accidentally enters the ancient caves of the ancient Shu, and intruded on ancient rituals. The squad was almost completely annihilated. Only Shen Shuang and the anti-drug police Sun Desheng survived, as they were rescued by a mysterious white-haired man named Wu Hao. After this incident, the two men accidentally entered the "Civil Affairs Investigation and Research Bureau" and gradually became entangled in more supernatural events, revealing the veil of another world.
 Maiharu Hiromi has moved to Kamakura Nagasaki, and rides a bicycle to school everyday. Then she meets Akizuki Tomoe, the leader of the girls cycling club. She therefore joins the club and her life gradually begins to change.
 Unaired episode included with the special edition BD release.
 Lucy's family moves from England to Australia planning to run a big farm. Starting a new life proves to be full of frustrations. Their agonizing days of despair continue until they finally obtain their farmland. However, Lucy and her sisters enjoy a range of new experiences such as discovering exotic animals and meeting with aborigines and other new people.
 There are three of the Minami sisters
 Valentine's Day is approaching
 Bundled with the special edition of the 11th volume of the Minami-ke manga series.
 There are three of the Minami sisters
 Original anime DVD bundled with the 10th manga volume (adapted the 179th, 181th, 185th, 189th, and 192nd chapters).
 There are three of the Minami sisters
 There are three of the Minami sisters
 First ever live anime program. The lines and songs of the characters are being performed live, along with their movements through motion-capture technology and MikuMikuDance software.During the program, the two voice actresses will try to think up lyrics for a new song. As the program is live, they will even accept suggestions for lyrics from Twitter and email submissions.
 Commemoration mini-anime series released on Kyoani YouTube Channel ahead of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon S.
 Includes 3 special Mini Dragon episodes released within Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon S's broadcast period and 5 BD/DVD extras.
 Super deformed Hamatora.
 The J-pop group Mini Moni has opened a cheerful little cake shop. Leader Mika-chan struggles to keep Aibon and Nono from causing trouble, all the while teaching new member Ai-chan the ropes. Regular customers include lively flower shop owner Yaguchi-san, and her flight attendant friend Gocchin, who is constantly trying to impress everyone with her non-existent knowledge of the places she claims her job has taken her.
 The very tiny adventures of the equally tiny bright and happy J-pop group Mini Moni, without a real continued plot between each short.
 Big swords lead to small problems in Mini Toji, an upcoming short form TV anime spin-off that reimagines the characters of Katana Maidens ~ Toji no Miko in pint-sized form.
 An animated flash series of the manga Mini Vanguard.
 The stage is set on a moon of Planet Cray, "Aniversario." To develop the moon, Selca summons Aichi, Chrono and friends. A large undertaking by familiar vanguard characters!
 A special episode released with the first DVD volume of Mini Vanguard.
 Mini Yuri will be a four-episode series with a runtime of 5 minutes per episode. The short anime will feature mini characters and debut online at a later time.
 Cute yet mighty! Mini animal rangers transform into super power Force-Bot to save endangered friends!In the ruthless world of animals, big strong animals dominate and feed on the small and weak. To buck this natural system, small animals form a secret organization "MINIFORCE." Rigidly selected mutants with special powers
 Years after the defeat of Pascal, a Space Pirate Gang, the Dan Crew (Kara, Dante, and Dancho), lead by the powerful and mysterious Master Zenos, searched earth for sources of Negative Energy.To fully resurrect and gain invincible power, Zenos needed massive amounts of negative emotions, such as fear and sadness that living things generates as his power source. After the amount of living creatures and possible negative energy had been analyzed, Earth became the crew's main target.Causing chaos and disasters amongst mankind will ignite hopelessness, despair, fear, and pain - all of the energy that Zenos feeds upon. To collect this energy, Zenos began repeatedly sending the Dan Crew to Earth, each time with one of his underlings from long ago. With their unique, cruel abilities, the invading aliens caused massive chaos for the innocent civilians.Just as expected, the newly evolved Miniforce X heroes won't stand by and let the new enemies torture the people they're born to protect. And so steps in Volt, Sammy, Max, and Lucy, along with special agent Ray and two new colleagues, Leo and Jacky.So begins a whole new series of the Miniforce X against Zenos!
 A beautiful day Rokurou, a student, was to masturbate when a beautiful girl knocks on his door
 Characters from various games released by Falcom (e.g. Dragon Slayer, The Legend of Heroes, and Ys series) come together in a school.
 The warriors who have been warped by the rampaging power of Justice have been summoned into the world of Xanadu. It is up to Dark Fact, a former villain, and principal Lappi to re-educate these students.
 Another version of Miracle Train
 Mikage and Tomomi Matsunaga are Miracle Girls
 Plot Summary
 Takaya Ougi is just a typical high school guy who wants nothing more than to protect his best friend and live a normal life. Enter Nobutsuna Naoe, an older man who informs Takaya that he is in fact the reincarnation of Lord Kagetora. Naoe, himself a possessor, awakens Takaya's abilities to exorcise evil spirits and fight the Fuedal Underworld. While most possessors remember their former lives before being reincarnated, Takaya does not. Naoe is thankful for this, considering his passionate and abusive past with his Lord Kagetora. As Takaya improves his abilities, he also begins to remember what Naoe did because of his love for him. Meanwhile the dark forces of the Hojo and Fuma clans begin their attack as the Fuedal Underworld descends upon the living world.
 Plot Summary
 By chance, Ryo has slipped from the 1980s into the future, and is trying to get back. In the interim, he's working for the police force of the future, solving cases by applying his unique and often comical approach.
 Yukiteru always rejects offers to go out with friends, preferring to spend the time writing a diary on his cell phone. He has what he believes is an imaginary friend called Deus Ex Machina. However, one day Deus asks him to play a survival game along with eleven others. The winner becomes the next Deus Ex Machina. In order to win, the contestants must use their diaries of the future to eliminate one another. For Yukiteru to survive, he must team up with another diary holder, a girl named Yuno.
 Lonely high school student, Yukiteru Amano, spends his days writing a diary on his cellphone, while conversing with his two seemingly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina, who is the god of time and space, and Murmur, the god's servant. Revealing himself to be an actual entity, Deus grants Yukiteru a "Random Diary," which shows highly descriptive entries based on the future and forces him into a bloody battle royale with 11 other holders of similarly powerful future diaries.With the last person standing designated as the new god of time and space, Yukiteru must find and kill the other 11 in order to survive. He reluctantly teams up with his obsessive stalker Yuno Gasai (who also possesses such a diary), and she takes it upon herself to ensure his safety. But there's more to the girl than meets the eye, as she might have other plans for her unrequited love...
 A short OVA that was bundled with the limited edition of the eleventh volume of the manga.
 Yuno Gasai lives a normal life as a first-year in high school. She gets along well with her parents and even has a small circle of friends. However, she cannot help but feel as if someone is missing from her life, someone so important to her that it was as if she had lived another life trying desperately to stay with them.After a class trip to the beach, Yuno returns home; but in the middle of the night, she receives strange messages from a voice only she can hear. The voice informs her of the person she is desperate to meet and that she must find him. Soon, she finds herself in a mysterious realm, her only goal being reunited with the person she cannot remember. Though obstacles stand in her way, Yuno will stop at nothing to meet her beloved once again.
 In a quiet corner of the city, four-year-old Kun Oota has lived a spoiled life as an only child with his parents and the family dog, Yukko. But when his new baby sister Mirai is brought home, his simple life is thrown upside-down; suddenly, it isn't all about him anymore. Despite his tantrums and nagging, Mirai is seemingly now the subject of all his parents' love.To help him adapt to this drastic change, Kun is taken on an extraordinary journey through time, meeting his family's past, present, and future selves, as he learns not only what it means to be a part of a family, but also what it means to be an older brother.
 It is the year 1995. Earth has been conquered by an alien army from the Saar cluster known as the Akron. The cities of Earth have been destroyed, and the remaining survivors live in harsh shanty towns and villages. Kento, a war orphan, hides within a cave along with his companions in order to escape some bandits. In the cave, they find the secret base of Dr. Earl, who was an inhabitant of the planet Helios, a planet conquered by the Akron. Dr. Earl then fled to Earth, bringing with him the greatest achievement in Helian technology
 Conan was the only child born on Remnant Island, a place settled by a group of refugees while they fled a terrifying wave of magnetic bombs that wiped out most of humanity. After 20 years, most of the castaways have died, save for Conan and the wise old man that raised him.Believing Remnant Island to be the last inhabited place on Earth, Conan is shocked when he discovers a young girl named Lana washed up on the beach one day. Though he is thrilled to learn that humanity has survived, Lana tells him the nation of Industria wants her as a hostage to force her grandfather, Dr. Lao, to power their machinery. Their conversation is cut short when Industria's top pilot, Monsley, suddenly appears and seizes Lana. Determined to save her, Conan immediately sets off from Remnant Island and begins a journey that will ultimately determine the fate of the world.
 A rainy morning in April. Cherry blossoms are struck by the rain and floats in the puddle. High school students enter the school gate, carrying various colors of umbrellas."Good morning, Ren," Yua greeted Ren, wearing wet tights in front of the shoe cupboard. When Ren faced her glumly, Homi, who was drenched, joined them as if she is jumping. The girls discuss the new semester.The girls live their irreplaceable school life as the seasons change.
 Special included in the Blu-ray/DVD volume.Ren accompanies Yua to attend a photoshoot to model for an illustrator. To calm the girls' nerves, Homi runs a practice shoot.
 17-year-old Moeka, who lost her parents, and Yurie, seeking to escape her violent husband, got off at a Kitsunezaki station one day. The great earthquake and tsunami had changed their destinies. Their lives were saved, but they were perplexed when asked about their identities at an evacuation site. It was an old woman named Kiwa Yamana who lent them a helping hand. From that day, Yurie was known as Yui, Moeka as Hiyori, and together with Kiwa, the three women began a wonderful communal life together at the old house "Mayoiga" overlooking the sea.
 OVA of Miss Monochrome. It's about soccer.
 In order to be more in the eyes of the public, Miss Monochrome begins working to become a top-selling idol. Spacey Miss Monochrome once again runs around the idol show biz world, being tossed around by others.
 Third season of Miss Monochrome
 "Miss Monochrome" is an original character design from seiyuu Horie Yui. In March 2012, she first used the "Miss Monochrome" character as a 3D virtual singer to sing her songs at her concert "Horie Yui wo Meguru Bouken III ~Secret Mission Tour~." Later, the character appeared in a range of merchandise as well as in the social network game "Girlfriend (Beta)."According to the setting, Miss Monochrome loves only the monochrome style, dislikes all kinds of color, and always dreams about changing the world into her favorite monochrome color.
 The Ultra Super Pictures Special Stage event announced at AnimeJapan 2015 on Saturday that the Miss Monochrome television anime series will receive a second season. The season will run within the 30-minute Ultra Super Anime Time block beginning on July 3, 2015.
 Chinami and her friends have formed an organization called OZ, with the financial backing of the Kujo Group. Their goal is to peacefully integrate people with Type-E abilities into society, and oppose the Foundation, an organization which seeks to capture and control Type-E users for their own mysterious purposes.
 Ajiyoshi Yoichi is a culinary prodigy who manages the eating house together with his mother. One day, Murata Genjiro appears in the eating house and is surprised at the delicious taste and delicate culinary skills of the katsu-don prepared by Youichi. Subsequently, Youichi is being invited to the Aji-oh Building in which he is involved in a spaghetti match with the in-house Italian chef, Marui. Youichi's novel culinary ideas, coupled with his enthusiasm of serving the best for his guests, allow him to defeat Marui in the match. From then on, Youichi begins to compete with other rivals in the race for the best tastes and dishes.
 The story begins when an innocent, but busty, young schoolgirl goes to recover her hat from what she thought was an abandoned house. But within that house, spying on her, is a deranged madman. Seeing her he becomes obsessed with controlling her, owning her, bending her to his every whim. He, and his array of high tech tools, will threaten her with death, mutilation, control, humiliation and the loss of her own will and identity. Terrors biological, chemical and nuclear will come into play in the nightmare that is her new, controlled, life.
 Music video included with the fourth single for the Love Live! Sunshine!! anime idol group Aqours.
 The "Colors" are three cute little girls who hang out together and say they're protecting the peace of their city. They have lots of fun together, doing stuff like playing games, solving puzzles, and going to the zoo. This anime follows their largely happy daily life.
 The "Colors" are three cute little girls who hang out together and protect the peace of their city. They have lots of fun together, doing stuff like playing games, solving puzzles, and going to the zoo. This anime follows their largely happy daily life.
 The 11-year-old Marui triplets could not be any more different. The oldest one, Mitsuba, is sadistic and kind of mature for her age. The middle one, Futaba, is perverted and very athletic and has the strength of a full-grown man. The youngest one, Hitoha, is generally very quiet and gentle but when push comes to shove, she might just be the strongest, the most perverted and the most sadistic out of the three.The three are all in the same class, led by the newly graduated teacher Yabe Satoshi. He usually gets pushed around by the girls and, on occasion, abused but the triplets also try to lead him and the new school nurse, the clumsy Kuriyama Aiko, together. However, Yabe had no intention of dating Aiko and the methods the triplets use to accomplish their goal are highly unorthodox...
 The somewhat precocious and sadistic girl ‘Mitsuba’, the somewhat lecherous muscle girl ‘Futaba’, and the somewhat mysterious girl ‘Hitoha’. Better known as the (mischievous) “Marui Sisters”, this is the story of how these three triplets go about their days in Class 6-3 with their cute yet wild antics.
 A special unaired episode included in the 7th DVD/Blu-ray volume.
 He is a little boy who has a terrible power. On his forehead is a third eye that, if open, releases extremely dangerous mystical energy that turns him into an evil sorcerer, bent on conquering mankind, and able to summon demons and wielding a red harpoon wand called Red Condor. To protect mankind from his terrible power, Sharaku is made to wear a bandage which seals his third eye. While his eye is sealed, Sharaku knows nothing of his true nature or his power, and does not remember his evil half's sinister attempts to conquer the world.
 Based on Matsumoto Itsuki's "Mitsuwano" light novel series. The story follows a group of young girls in Kyoto who dream of becoming maiko.
 The story takes place in the same Meisei Gakuen high school as Touch, only it is set 26 years later. Like Touch, Mix revolves around brothers and baseball as a main theme.
 Second season of Mix.
 The story takes place in the same Meisei Gakuen high school as Touch, only it is set 26 years later. Like Touch, Mix revolves around brothers and baseball as a main theme.
 Miyakawa Hikage is an elementary school girl, living with her older sister Hinata. Every day they have to struggle with the poverty and financial ruin that go along with an otaku spending lifestyle.Note
 

 2013
 A Tyrannosaurus called Heart was raised by a herbivorous dinosaur. As he grew up, he was scared by other dinosaurs. One day, Heart meets a baby Ankylosaurus and he names the baby "Umasou (looks delicious)". Umasou started to be attached to Heart and a strange family love develops between the two.
 After being deserted by her parents, 11-year old Miyori shuts her heart from the rest of the world and denies any form of human relationships. She was entrusted in the care of her grandmother who lives near the forest. Miyori will take a walk in the forest where she felt a strong sense of loneliness in the forest which seems to have nothing. However, she soon encounters unbelievable things and gradually realises that the forest is more than what it seems...
 Wakamatsu Masato lives with his step-sister, Miyuki, whom he does not have blood relationship with. Their father is always working oversea and left the two of them living by themselves in Toukyou. Miyuki is cute, nice, sensitive and very popular among guys around Masato. Masato has a girlfriend at school whose name is Kajima Miyuki, who is pretty and gentle, the ideal dream of every highschool boy.
 Yuuko is a shy middle school girl who has feelings for her childhood friend, the boy next door. When she finds out that her best friend also likes him, she is unsure what to do. The story explores the relationships between these three characters as they confront everyday junior high problems.
 There are twisted tales and twisted tales, but few are as twisted as poor Sado's, who's just realized that he actually likes being made miserable. Of course, knowing that only makes him more miserable, which in turn... well, you get the idea. Desperate to break the circle, Sado volunteers for a special club where he hopes he can work through his issues only to discover that the other members have equally... complex... issues to deal with.For example, the hyper-aggressive club president Isurugi not only has a violent fear of cats, but also believes herself to be a god! Then there's Yuno, who's terrified of men; the Nurse, who forces other people to perform cosplay; and Hayama, Sado's best friend and a compulsive cross-dresser, who's also the girl that Sado is infatuated with.
 For normal people, getting stabbed to death would constitute the end of the road. For Rin Asogi, it's a mere inconvenience. Rin is immortal, a nice perk to have when you're a private detective constantly finding yourself in dangerous situations.Rin has eaten a "time fruit"
 Xian
 Second season of Mo Dao Zu Shi.
 The third and final season of Mo Dao Zu Shi that covers the Yi City Arc. The story follows the two main characters Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji as they try to finish solving the mystery behind the haunted arm of an unknown corpse.
 The chibi spin-off takes place during the three periods of Wei Wuxian's life (adolescence, adulthood, and rebirth after death), selecting the cute, warm, and healing parts as the main contents. This series hopes to heal the audience who loves the main story of Mo Dao Zu Shi, but were “injured” by the melancholy plot of the drama.
 Continuing his masquerade as the deranged lunatic from the Lanling Jin Clan, Wei Wuxian resides in the Cloud Recesses while his former cultivation classmate, Lan Wangji, searches for answers about the demonic severed arm they have in custody. With an overwhelming dark energy emanating from the arm, the two are forced to work together in order to keep it contained. However, the demonic arm is not the only dark force lurking in the region, and as spiritual tensions rise in the mountains of the Gusu Lan Clan, it is up to the two of them to try and restore the natural order.The story of Wei Wuxian's fall from grace continues as more light is shed on his descent into the path of demonic cultivation. The demonic arm only further strains his mischievous spirit. This is the time for him to prove that he has truly broken free from the forbidden path and is not the maniacal sorcerer that everyone remembers him to be.
 In the year of 2013, the tide of zombies outbreak exploded in everyone's homeland, humanity launches a large-scale battle in the endless nights awaiting for the arrival of the dawn.The end is approaching, is there going to be a way out for them?Their faiths were shattered into pieces and buried in ashes in the raging fire. But within the blazing fire, a newborn hope arise once again.

 Kageyama Shigeo (a.k.a. "Mob") is a 8th grader with psychic abilities. He could bend spoons and lift objects with his mind from a young age, but he slowly began to withhold from using his abilities in public due to the negative attention he kept receiving. Now, the only thing he wants is to become friends with a girl in his class, Tsubomi. With his psychic "mentor" (who has no psychic powers), he continues his daily life, attempting to realize his purpose in life.
 Kageyama Shigeo (a.k.a. "Mob") is a 8th grader with psychic abilities. He could bend spoons and lift objects with his mind from a young age, but he slowly began to withhold from using his abilities in public due to the negative attention he kept receiving. Now, the only thing he wants is to become friends with a girl in his class, Tsubomi. With his psychic "mentor" (who has no psychic powers), he continues his daily life, attempting to realize his purpose in life.
 Second Season of ONE's Mob Psycho 100.
 Second Season of ONE's Mob Psycho 100.
 Third season of Mob Psycho 100.
 Third season of Mob Psycho 100.
 OVA with original content.
 OVA with original content.
 A summary episode of Mob Psycho 100 which features commentary from Reigen Arataka.
 A summary episode of Mob Psycho 100 which features commentary from Reigen Arataka.
 Specials bundled with the Blu-ray volumes of Mob Psycho 100.
 In the Year FC 60, much of mankind inhabits space colonies which orbit the Earth. Dominance over the colonies is decided once every four years by a large tournament in which each nation sends a single representative to fight the others with a giant robot called a Gundam. Domon Kashuu is selected to represent Neo-Japan in one of these tournaments, but he fights less to ensure his nation's victory than to find his brother, who has been blamed for the deaths of Domon's parents and the disappearance of a very dangerous weapon, the Dark Gundam or Devil Gundam.
 It is year 0079 of the Universal Century. Mankind has moved to space, living in colony clusters known as "Sides." One of these Sides declares itself the "Principality of Zeon" and declares war on the Earth Federation, the governmental body currently ruling Earth. Using powerful humanoid robots known as "mobile suits," Zeon quickly gains the upper hand.Nine months into the conflict, the Earth Federation has developed its own powerful mobile suit called the Gundam. When Zeon launches an attack on the colony holding the Gundam, a 15-year-old civilian named Amuro Ray suddenly finds himself thrown into a conflict that will take him all across Earth and space, pitting him against the enemy's ace pilot, Char Aznable.
 It is year 0079 of the Universal Century. Mankind has moved to space, living in colony clusters known as "Sides." One of these Sides declares itself the "Principality of Zeon" and declares war on the Earth Federation, the governmental body currently ruling Earth. Using powerful humanoid robots known as "mobile suits," Zeon quickly gains the upper hand.Nine months into the conflict, the Earth Federation has developed its own powerful mobile suit called the Gundam. When Zeon launches an attack on the colony holding the Gundam, a 15-year-old civilian named Amuro Ray suddenly finds himself thrown into a conflict that will take him all across Earth and space, pitting him against the enemy's ace pilot, Char Aznable.
 It is the year A.D. 2307. Fossil fuels on Earth have been depleted entirely, with mankind turning to the next available power source
 Plot Summary
 Four years have passed since the final battle between Celestial Being and the UN Forces. Humanity, having established the Earth Sphere Federation, forms an independent security preservation force, A-Laws, separate from the formal Federation army to further unify nations and the will of mankind. But the reality was the inhumane oppression of misuse of powers, doctrines, and ideologies in the name of unity.Saji Crossroad has followed the path to becoming a space engineer to keep his promise to Louise Halevy, who in turn was compelled to become involved in Federation government reform and joined A-Laws as a mobile suit pilot during the four-year gap.Meanwhile, Setsuna F. Seiei, having survived the climactic battle four years ago, witnessed a change in the world due to the actions of Celestial Being. With the defeat of Alejandro Corner, he dreamed of a peaceful world without conflict; but before his own eyes was the reality of the continuing strain on peace, the oppression caused by A-Laws. He decides once more to fight with Gundam, the power with the potential to change the world.
 Condensed version of both the first and second seasons of Gundam 00 featuring some new animated sequences and some partially re-recorded dialogue.
 The year is 2314 AD, two years after Celestial Being's last great battle and the world faces a new crisis. A derelict Jupiter exploration ship, abandoned 130 years ago, has left its orbit and is approaching Earth. The ESF has also begun to exploit the power of Innovators through Descartes Shaman. The world's exposure to GN Particles has resulted in many people awakening as True Innovators. Realizing the military benefits of such individuals, the Earth Sphere Federation has begun to research Innovation and exploit the emerging Innovators' abilities. As Celestial Being and its Gundam Meisters begin their final mission to save humanity from an unimaginable threat, the Extraterrestrial Living-metal Shape-shifters (ELS), Gundam Meister Setsuna F. Seiei is about to discover the true purpose of his evolution as an Innovator and the nature of the "dialogues" for which Aeolia Schenberg's plan had prepared the human race.(Source
 7.88 Ranked #747Popularity #2216Members 32,987OVASunriseAdd to ListEpisodes
 The Side 6 space colony is a neutral oasis in the war between Zeon and the Earth Federation. Alfred Izuruha, a ten-year-old boy, finds relief from the tedium of schoolwork by following the war's progress and collecting military memorabilia. When rumors that the colony is hiding a Federation mobile suit development program bring Zeon special forces to Side 6, Alfred views them as a source of additional excitement. But, as the Zeon mission becomes more urgent and both sides take increasingly desperate measures, he might be in for an unexpectedly close look at the reality of war.
 A short anime as part of "Mobile Suit Gundam 40th Anniversary Project" that promotes the Gundam G40 model kit, a Gundam x Ken Okuyama Design x LDH Japan collaboration. It is a reinterpretation of some famous scenes from the first Gundam television anime.
 In A.G. 101 (the 101st year of the Advanced Generation calendar) a mysterious entity known only as "UE", or "unknown enemy", attacks and destroys the space colony Angel. This brutal attack becomes infamous as the "The Day the Angel Fell", and marks the beginning of humanity's war for survival.The series begins in A.G. 108 when the UE attack the space colony Ovan, where Flit Asuno lives with his mother. Flit's mother is killed by the UE, and in her belongings (in an object called a "AGE Device") he discovers the blueprints for a powerful weapon from the past - the ancient messiah named "Gundam."From these blueprints, Flit spends the next several years studying engineering at an Earth Federation base on the Nora space colony and designing the AGE-1 Gundam. Seven years later, in A.G. 115, Flit completes the Gundam, just as the UE attack Nora. Flit and his lineage's battle piloting the AGE-1 to protect mankind is about to begin.
 U.C. 0123. Mobile Suit Gundam F91 is Gundam creator Yoshiyuki Tomino's attempt to launch a new Gundam saga, set thirty years after Char's Counterattack.The story of Gundam F91 revolves around teenage space colonist Seabook Arno, his friend Cecily Fairchild, and the efforts of the Crossbone Vanguard militia, led by Cecily's grandfather Meitzer Ronah, to establish an aristocracy known as "Cosmo Babylonia".In keeping with Gundam tradition, the civilian Seabook is forced by circumstance to pilot the F91 Gundam, coincidentally designed in part by his estranged mother, Dr. Monica Arno.
 In the future, with Earth's population rapidly increasing, humanity has developed giant orbiting space colonies gathered in clusters known as "Sides." As the elites on Earth force most of the populace into space, rebellion begins to brew. In the year Universal Century 0079, one of the colony clusters known as Side 3 declares itself the Principality of Zeon and launches a war of independence against the Earth Federation.Despite having only a fraction of the resources of the Federation, Zeon quickly gains the upper hand in the conflict through the use of giant humanoid robots called mobile suits. Chief among Zeon's mobile suit ace pilots is Char Aznable, a mysterious masked man known as the "Red Comet." When Char's squadron comes across the Federation developing its own prototype mobile suit called Gundam in the colony Side 7, his men launch a brutal attack. Amuro Ray, the son of the prototype's developer, gets in the Gundam and is able to fend off the Zeon attack. As Amuro soon finds himself directly in conflict with Char, he is forced to flee the colony on a Federation ship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 The Federation space ship White Base and its precious cargo of prototype mobile suits have returned to Earth, only to find themselves in enemy territory. As the White Base struggles across the planet's surface to safety, Gundam pilot Amuro Ray must contend not only with the Principality of Zeon's fiercest warriors, but also with his own doubts and fears.
 As the War continues, Amuro and the White Base crew must make their way toward the Earth Federation Headquarters, Jaburo. On there way they meet several new enemies and face off against impossible odds. They fight in Operation Odessa to releave the Earth from the clutches of the Zeon forces.Lives are lost, new friendships are made, and discoveries at ever corner. Amuro soon learns that he possess the powers of the mysterious Newtypes.
 The One Year War comes to a close, as the Zeon forces now retreat back into space. Amuro learns much more of his Newtype abilities and tries to use them the best way he can. He's pushed to his limit as he encounters the infamous Char Aznable once again. He also falls in love with a mysterious woman named Lalah Sune, who knows the full potential of the Newtype abilities.The greatest battle is about to begin, as many loved ones fall to the power of war. Can the Earth Federation defeat the Principality of Zeon? Or will they fail? Can Char prove that he's the better Newtype than Amuro? They all will be answered now...
 The One Year War comes to a close, as the Zeon forces now retreat back into space. Amuro learns much more of his Newtype abilities and tries to use them the best way he can. He's pushed to his limit as he encounters the infamous Char Aznable once again. He also falls in love with a mysterious woman named Lalah Sune, who knows the full potential of the Newtype abilities.The greatest battle is about to begin, as many loved ones fall to the power of war. Can the Earth Federation defeat the Principality of Zeon? Or will they fail? Can Char prove that he's the better Newtype than Amuro? They all will be answered now...(Source
 MS igLoo 2 goes back to the first MS igLoo and tells the story of the Federation soldiers side that has to fight against the monstrous Zakus. Each episode tells a story of a different federation soldier that is cursed by a Death God that came down to earth with the Zakus and shows the desperate struggle against mobile suits with only conventional weapons such as tanks and missiles. Each soldier, fueled with revenge, and a Death God looming over their backs, fights against the odds that is the terrible might of a Zaku.

 U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of "Laplace's Box."Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered.The conflict later dubbed the "Laplace Incident" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten.However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix... named Phenex.
 C.E. 71
 https
 In the year Cosmic Era 0071, a wartime brawl between two mobile suits results in the destruction of a neutral country. Shinn Asuka finds his entire family killed as casualties of the violence, and swears his life toward a vengeful pursuit of the Earth's Natural forces, under the impression they were the ones responsible for his family's death. Shinn works his way up through the ZAFT military forces, eventually gaining access to the cockpit of the prototype Impulse mobile suit.Athrun Zala, a veteran of the recent war employed in the service of diplomat Cagalli Yula Athha, finds himself drawn into a new conflict between the Naturals and the Coordinators
 C.E. 73
 In year 74 of the Cosmic Era, the civil war raging between the earthbound Naturals and space-dwelling Coordinators comes to a close. Suffering a major setback, Kira Yamato pilots the Strike Freedom Gundam and leads the Archangel and its crew in a desperate bid to destroy the Requiem, a super-weapon intended to wipe out most human life in the universe.Alongside Kira fights his best friend and rival Athrun Zala, an ace pilot who must defend himself against the wrath of his former subordinate Shinn Asuka, pilot of the powerful Destiny Gundam. Shinn believes Athrun to be a traitor, an obstacle in the course of the universe's peaceful future.As life-or-death mobile suit brawls are waged for the fate of the galaxy, a sprawling war between humans who are incapable of understanding one another draws to its conclusion.
 In year 74 of the Cosmic Era, the civil war raging between the earthbound Naturals and space-dwelling Coordinators comes to a close. Suffering a major setback, Kira Yamato pilots the Strike Freedom Gundam and leads the Archangel and its crew in a desperate bid to destroy the Requiem, a super-weapon intended to wipe out most human life in the universe.Alongside Kira fights his best friend and rival Athrun Zala, an ace pilot who must defend himself against the wrath of his former subordinate Shinn Asuka, pilot of the powerful Destiny Gundam. Shinn believes Athrun to be a traitor, an obstacle in the course of the universe's peaceful future.As life-or-death mobile suit brawls are waged for the fate of the galaxy, a sprawling war between humans who are incapable of understanding one another draws to its conclusion.
 Four TV movies compiled from Kidou Senshi Gundam SEED Destiny series.1. The Broken World (Kudakareta Sekai)2. Respective Swords (Sorezore no Ken)3. The Hell Fire of Destiny (Sadame no Goka)4. The Cost of Freedom (Jiyuu no Daishou)Like the three specials of Gundam Seed, these specials feature new or changed scenes of the TV series. However unlike the TV series, which was told in the points of view of main characters Shinn Asuka and Kira Yamato, the Special Edition was told through the eyes of Athrun Zala, giving the movies a much more neutral point of view.
 Four TV movies made from Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny series.1. The Broken World (Kudakareta Sekai)2. Respective Swords (Sorezore no Ken)3. The Hell Fire of Destiny (Sadame no Goka)4. The Cost of Freedom (Jiyuu no Daishou)Like the three specials of Gundam Seed, these specials feature new or changed scenes of the TV series. However unlike the TV series, which was told in the points of view of main characters Shinn Asuka and Kira Yamato, the Special Edition was told through the eyes of Athrun Zala, giving the movies a much more neutral point of view.(Source

 Three TV movies complied from Kidou Senshi Gundam SEED series.1. The Empty Battlefield (Kokuu no Senjou)2. The Far-Away Dawn (Harukanaru Akatsuki)3. The Rumbling Sky (Meidou no Sora)Much like the Kidou Senshi Gundam theatrical movies, the Gundam Seed
 Three TV movies complied from Kidou Senshi Gundam SEED series.1. The Empty Battlefield (Kokuu no Senjou)2. The Far-Away Dawn (Harukanaru Akatsuki)3. The Rumbling Sky (Meidou no Sora)Much like the Kidou Senshi Gundam theatrical movies, the Gundam Seed
 The first two shorts feature the original SEED cast and deal with an attempt by Yzak Joule to reclaim his his honor from Athrun Zala after having been one-upped at seemingly every contest with him since his childhood. The last two shorts feature the Minerva crew sent back in time on comical missions from Gil in an attempt to disrupt key events of the Seed era with disastrous yet hilarious effect.
 Federation troops and Zeon forces carry out a fierce battle in the Thunderbolt Sector in what was once Side 4 "Mua". The Thunderbolt Sector is a shoal zone composed of the debris of destroyed space colonies, named for the electrical discharges from the metal debris. MS pilot Io Flemming is among the Federation soldiers who are dispatched to the area, where Zeon sniper Daryl Lorenz awaits them on the battlefield
 The second season of Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt.
 Compilation film for Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt 2nd Season.
 Federation troops and Zeon forces carry out a fierce battle in the Thunderbolt Sector in what was once Side 4 "Moore." The Thunderbolt Sector is a shoal zone composed of the debris of destroyed space colonies, named for the electrical discharges from the metal debris. MS pilot Io Flemming is among the Federation soldiers who are dispatched to the area, where Zeon sniper Daryl Lorenz awaits them on the battlefield.
 U.C. 0096...The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1.A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move.Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box.What is Laplace's Box?What secret does it contain?The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved.
 U.C. 0096...The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1.A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move.Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box.What is Laplace's Box?What secret does it contain?The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved.(Source
 U.C. 0096...The manufacturing colony Industrial 7, which is still under construction, floats at Lagrange point 1.A youth named Banagher Links, who grew up without knowing his father, meets a mysterious girl who has stowed away on a ship bound for Industrial 7. As the white mobile suit Unicorn undergoes repeated tests and becomes the subject of diverse speculations, the hands of time begin to move.Banagher does not yet know that he has been caught up in the conflict surrounding Laplace's Box.What is Laplace's Box?What secret does it contain?The hundred-year curse of the Universal Century is about to be resolved.
 By the year 0096 of the Universal Century, a fragile peace emerges from the ashes of conflict. Sixteen-year-old student Banagher Links visits the Industrial 7 space colony on a school field trip, but because of a broken shuttle, he is left completely stranded. To Banagher, who has always lived a normal life, war had always been a distant, almost mythical part of history; but within minutes, fantasy becomes reality when he rescues a girl named Audrey Burne, who urgently needs to meet with the leader of the nearby Vist Foundation, Cardeas Vist. She hopes to persuade him to withhold the "Laplace's Box," an object that holds the potential to destroy the world. History is set in motion as galactic forces converge on Industrial 7, each vying for possession of the Laplace's Box. As Neo Zeon remnants clash with Earth Federation Forces around the colony, Cardeas, in his final moments, gives Banagher the key to the Box, a mobile suit dubbed "The Unicorn Gundam."Packed with explosive action and rising tension, Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn RE
 The United Earth Sphere Alliance is a powerful military organization that has ruled over Earth and space colonies with an iron fist for several decades. When the colonies proclaimed their opposition to this, their leader was assassinated. Now, in the year After Colony 195, bitter colonial rebels have launched "Operation Meteor," sending five powerful mobile suits to Earth for vengeance. Built out of virtually indestructible material called Gundanium Alloy, these "Gundams" begin an assault against the Alliance and its sub organization OZ.One Gundam, whose pilot has taken the name of the slain colony leader Heero Yuy, is forced to make a crash landing into the ocean after an atmospheric battle against OZ's ace pilot Zechs Marquise. Upon coming ashore, he is found by Relena Peacecraft, daughter of a peace-seeking politician, who witnesses Heero's descent to Earth. Although neither of them realize it yet, this encounter will have a profound impact on both their lives, as well as those on Earth and in space colonies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 At the climax of the Eve Wars, on December 24 of the year AC 195, the armies of the World Nation and White Fang met in a ferocious battle. World Nation leader Treize Khushrenada was slain, White Fang leader Zechs Merquise disappeared, and Earth was saved from destruction by the intervention of the five Gundam pilots. Having witnessed the consequences of war and hatred, the people of Earth and the space colonies put aside their differences and together founded a new world government. Under this newly-formed Earth Sphere Unified Nation, a year has passed in peace. The government and the populace have disarmed themselves, and almost every remaining mobile suit has been destroyed. Deciding to follow suit, Gundam pilots Heero Yuy, Duo Maxwell, Trowa Barton, and Quatre Raberba Winner place their mighty mobile suits inside an asteroid and send them on a one-way voyage into the sun. But even as they bid their Gundams farewell, a new conflict is drawing near.
 At the climax of the Eve Wars, on December 24 of the year AC 195, the armies of the World Nation and White Fang met in a ferocious battle. World Nation leader Treize Khushrenada was slain, White Fang leader Zechs Merquise disappeared, and Earth was saved from destruction by the intervention of the five Gundam pilots. Having witnessed the consequences of war and hatred, the people of Earth and the space colonies put aside their differences and together founded a new world government. Under this newly-formed Earth Sphere Unified Nation, a year has passed in peace. The government and the populace have disarmed themselves, and almost every remaining mobile suit has been destroyed. Deciding to follow suit, Gundam pilots Heero Yuy, Duo Maxwell, Trowa Barton, and Quatre Raberba Winner place their mighty mobile suits inside an asteroid and send them on a one-way voyage into the sun. But even as they bid their Gundams farewell, a new conflict is drawing near.
 Two video releases recapping events from the Gundam Wing TV series. Each Operation Meteor video contains an 'Odd' episode and an 'Even' episode. The 'Odd' episodes feature Heero, Trowa and Wufei, while the 'Even' episodes feature Duo and Quatre. The episodes also featured brief new footages of the characters after the final episode of the TV series.
 Based on the 15th episode of the original Mobile Suit Gundam series
 Second movie in trilogy celebrating the Gundam franchise's 40th anniversary, and the second project in the "UC NexT 0100 Project" that will tackle the future of the UC timeline.

 Year P.D. 323. Gjallarhorn's political intervention into the Arbrau central parliament escalated into an armed conflict using mobile suits. The incident was brought to an end by Tekkadan, a group of boys who came from Mars.News of Tekkadan's exploits has also reached the ears of Wistario Afam, a youth born and raised at the Radonitsa Colony near Venus. Venus, which lost to Mars in the contest for development, is a remote frontier planet in which the four great economic blocs show little interest. It is now used only as a penal colony for criminals, whose inhabitants don't even have IDs.Then Wistario, who hopes to change the status quo of this homeland, encounters a girl who claims to be the guide to the Urdr-Hunt.
 Second season of Mobile Suit Gundam
 Tekkadan has now become a direct affiliate of Teiwaz after procuring a new trade agreement with Arbrau. With its newfound funds and prestige, Tekkadan finds both its list of allies and enemies growing. Meanwhile, the flames of the Gjallarhorn power struggle continue to rage in full force. As a part of her efforts to make Mars financially independent from Earth, Kudelia Aina Bernstein founds the Admoss Company and enlists Tekkadan as her business partner. The stakes are getting higher as the Tekkadan family continues to grow. Will Orga, Mikazuki, and the rest of the Tekkadan faction be able to keep up, or will Kudelia's dream of Martian independence die out?
 Mobile Suit Gundam
 Shortly after being rescued off the Himalayas, Federation Ensign Shiro Amada is accused of espionage due to his encounter with Zeon's top-secret mobile armor. Intelligence officer Alice Miller is assigned to investigate on Shiro's whereabouts during his disappearance. Her documented findings will determine whether or not Shiro is a traitor, and what his fate will be as commander of the 08th MS Team.
 Shortly after being rescued off the Himalayas, Federation Ensign Shiro Amada is accused of espionage due to his encounter with Zeon's top-secret mobile armor. Intelligence officer Alice Miller is assigned to investigate on Shiro's whereabouts during his disappearance. Her documented findings will determine whether or not Shiro is a traitor, and what his fate will be as commander of the 08th MS Team.(Source
 The four-episode project will tell the story of Casval Rem Deikun and Artesia Som Deikun (Char and Sayla, before Char became known as the Red Comet) before the One-Year War in UC.0068.
 In the year 0068 of the Universal Century, Casval Rem Deikun's life is thrown into chaotic disarray after the assassination of his father, a prolific figure in the crusade towards civil rights for people who live away from the Earth's surface. Casval and his sister Artesia receive aid from soldiers who were loyal to their father, and the siblings are whisked away from their home, separated, and thrown into a twisted fate that sees them come into their own as soldiers and adults.Years before stealing the name Char Aznable or his "Red Comet" moniker, Casval must contend with the rise of a militarized version of his father's ideology and his own vengeful nature as intergalactic war molds him into a legendary mobile suit pilot.
 An era when a multitude of corporations have entered space and built a huge economic system. A lone girl from the remote planet Mercury transfers to the Asticassia School of Technology, run by the Beneritt Group which dominates the mobile suit industry.Her name is Suletta Mercury. With a scarlet light burning in her pure heart, this girl walks step by step through a new world.
 The prologue of Mobile Suit Gundam THE WITCH FROM MERCURY. Set to release this summer before the broadcast of the TV anime series in October 2022, it will be shown for the first time at "GUNDAM NEXT FUTURE -LINK THE UNIVERSE-", an event that will take place across venues such as GUNDAM FACTORY YOKOHAMA and THE GUNDAM BASE Virtual World, and later on released at other events all over the world, such as San Diego Comic-Con 2022.
 On the planet Mercury, the advanced technology of cybernetic prostheses has led to the development of giant pilotable robots. However, prolonged use of these achievements in bioengineering takes a significant toll on a pilot's body. As the Merucians' mobile suits gain formidable power, fear rises among the people of Earth.On her daughter Ericht's fourth birthday, pilot Elnora Samaya tests the state-of-the-art Gundam Lfrith under the watchful eye of its creator, Cardo Nabo. Ericht visits Elnora at work despite orders not to, and chaos unfolds after she forms a strange bond with her mother's mecha.
 Suletta Mercury, who transferred from Mercury into the Asticassia School of Technology, has lived a school life filled with meetings and excitement, as Miorine Rembran's groom and a member of Gund-Arm, Inc. Two weeks have passed since the incident at Plant Queta and Suletta spends her days at the school looking forward to seeing Miorine again. Miorine, on the other hand, is at the headquarters of the Benerit Group, monitoring her father's condition. The two girls are faced with new difficulties and decisions that must be made. With their own feelings in their hearts, the girls confront the powerful curse brought about by the Gundam.
 Universal Century 0096. Several months have passed since the incident surrounding Laplace's box also known as the Universal Century Charter. The Earth Federation Forces dispatches a group of investigators to the severed Axis which is drifting outside the Earth Sphere. Two civilians participate as members of the research group
 Compilation film of Mobile Suit Gundam

 Mobile Suit SD Gundam Mk II delivers with more tongue-in-cheek humor than the first series. In "The Rolling Colony Affair," a colony is hosting a cabaret show featuring the girls of Gundam. But the show turns disastrous when men and mobile suits go crazy over the girls, sending the colony rolling out of control. A parody of the videogame RPG genre, "Gundam Legend" has Amuro, Kamille and Judau sent on a perilous quest to rescue the princess of the Zeta Kingdom from Char Aznable and his vicious Zeon MS forces.
 The SD Gundams in Warring States Era Japan.
 The SD Gundams are at it again
 The Warring-States-Era SD Gundams are back to dispel evil spirits and an evil plot taking place in the ruins of Jaburo City.
 It consists of two parts
 It is Universal Century 0153. On the space colonies located at Side 2, the Zanscare Empire has come to power and it holds onto that power through liberal use of the guillotine. With its forces invading the Earth and its space fleets preparing to subjugate the other Sides, the Zanscare Empire has nothing to fear from the weakening Earth Federation. It is opposed only by the League Militaire, whose state of the art mobile suits and young pilots comprise the only real resistance movement. Now, thirteen-year-old Uso Evin has been dragged into the war by a battle near his home in Eastern Europe. As the Newtype pilot of the Victory Gundam, he fights not only to defeat the Zanscare Empire but also to find out what has become of his parents, who left him behind when they went into space.
 It is Universal Century 0087, and the One Year War between the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon is over. The Earth Federation has created an elite task force, known as the Titans, who are responsible for hunting the remaining Zeon forces. However, the power-hungry Titans have shown themselves to be no better than Zeon, spurring the creation of a rebellious faction called the Anti-Earth Union Group (AEUG).17-year-old Kamille Bidan lives in the colony Green Noa, home to a Titan base. Kamille gets in trouble after assaulting a Titan officer, an event that coincides with an attack led by former Zeon ace Char Aznable, now known as AEUG pilot Quattro Bajeena. When Kamille steals a Titan's prototype Gundam, he soon finds himself in the middle of the dangerous conflict.
 It is Universal Century 0087, and the One Year War between the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon is over. The Earth Federation has created an elite task force, known as the Titans, who are responsible for hunting the remaining Zeon forces. However, the power-hungry Titans have shown themselves to be no better than Zeon, spurring the creation of a rebellious faction called the Anti-Earth Union Group (AEUG).17-year-old Kamille Bidan lives in the colony Green Noa, home to a Titan base. Kamille gets in trouble after assaulting a Titan officer, an event that coincides with an attack led by former Zeon ace Char Aznable, now known as AEUG pilot Quattro Bajeena. When Kamille steals a Titan's prototype Gundam, he soon finds himself in the middle of the dangerous conflict.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 The story is about Tamami, who cannot say what she wants to say, and her sweet and sour memories of her school days with Rin, whom she cared for in her heart but is now estranged from. Yamada says, "I hope it will be a story that will gradually light up your heart. I was a little nervous because this is the only anime episode, but I would be glad if you will enjoy it without any barriers as a form of story dealing with the common theme of 'love'."
 An anarchistic country that is said to dominate the world exists on a vast island known as Moekko Island. This is where the final works of AC Company's android combat maids (resembling beautiful young girls) are done, also where these maids get there communication training. A new maid is to come to the island to be trained, Rinia, she is a young looking girl, who has lost her all of her memories, she tries very hard to impress the owner at Moekko island, but just ends up making a lot of trouble around the mansion. Takahiro, the owner of Moekko island, a depressive young man who has also lost his memories is seen as a very unhappy person who thinks Rinia will only be trouble around the mansion. As time passes, Takahiro slowly grows attached to Rinia's attempted ways of helping and so starts a beautiful relationship among the quiet island.
 When Kenichi Kokuho was a small boy, he was lost in the mountains and never found. However, unknown to anyone, Kenichi has been brought up by his foster father in the wild. When Kenichi becomes 15 years old, his foster father tells him the truth about his background. As he finds out, Kenichi decides to go to a civilized society where his parents live.Everything Kenichi experiences in the town is a series of surprise and wonder. His family is delighted to see their son alive, but shocked at the fact that he has become wild and different from other children. And now, his new life is about to begin.His wild attitude and physical toughness cause various problems in the town. Kenichi has his own way to handle things, but it is too different for the most people to understand what he is up to. Can he get used to life in the town?
 No synopsis has been added for this series yet.
 Ink Nijihara is a girl in high school. Unfortunately her crush Nao Tezuka barely recognizes her. To make matters worse, she is very short. Now Ink meets a duck and becomes a “mahou shoujo” and teaches Nao English in disguise.
 Set in the Meiji era, Kidou Shinsengumi Moeyo Ken tells the story of Kondou Yuuko, Hijikata Toshie and Okita Kaoru. These three are the daughters of former Shinsengumi members and, in the same fashion as their fathers were, they get called upon to protect Japan from its current problems. Much of their work deals with vanquishing the mysterious paranormal phenomena springing up ever more frequently in the Kyoto area and defending the city from any other dangers that may arise.
 Set in an alternate version of the Meiji Era, a boy named Sakamoto Ryunosuke returns to Kyoto from Shanghai with his monster (youkai) Nekomaru. The law states that in order to live freely with humans, a youkai must be liscensed. The Kidou Shinsengumi Co. Ltd. is responsible for the capture of unliscensed youkais but must fight with the Tsubamegumi, who resents the new law. It turns out that Ryunosuke is the son of the owner of the Shinsengumis.
 Sorao is an ordinary student who lives an ordinary everyday life of a typical kid, accidentally makes friends with two aliens stranded here on Earth. His life changes as he decides to help them find a way to get home. When they do reach the aliens' homeworld, Sorao along with Miki, discovered a blood feud between two different tribes. Things gone awry as the tribes' representatives try to out do one another in search of the missing treasure of the past with the help of an uncovered clue.
 This is a story about two sisters
 This is a story about two sisters
 Hiroshi Ozora invents the Mol Unit, a device that makes its user invincible. His plans of becoming a super hero are short lived however when his sister, Mirai, accidently modifies the suit configuration. Now she is forced to save Tokyo by herself from the evil Machinegal and his gang of all-female androids.
 Hiroshi Ozora invents the Mol Unit, a device that makes its user invincible. His plans of becoming a super hero are short lived however when his sister, Mirai, accidently modifies the suit configuration. Now she is forced to save Tokyo by herself from the evil Machinegal and his gang of all-female androids.
 After the loss of her father, young Momo moves to the old family house on a remote island
 Momoko is a high school student, trying to live up to her older sister Sakura. Sakura works in an office along with many other co-workers. The two sisters, and their friends, experience the everyday hardships and situations of being a woman.
 The story revolves around Yuki Kurihara, a girl who has finally been granted her wish of dating her crush Momo. At first glance, she just looks like a normal but very cute girl. However, she is in fact a maniac over Momo, taking notes of his activities and never missing the chance to see him in a cute moment. Momo, on the other hand, is inexperienced in love, and just wants to make Yuki happy.
 The story revolves around Yuki Kurihara, a girl who has finally been granted her wish of dating her crush Momo. At first glance, she just looks like a normal but very cute girl. However, she is in fact a maniac over Momo, taking notes of his activities and never missing the chance to see him in a cute moment. Momo, on the other hand, is inexperienced in love, and just wants to make Yuki happy.
 Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasugabe have tremendous psychic powers and are bored with the regular world. An envelope arrives for each person, and when each opens their envelope, they are stunned to see the scenery around them change to a world they had never encountered before.They’ve been summoned by the Black Rabbit to help the community “No Name” to overthrow the Devil King.
 Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasugabe have tremendous psychic powers and are bored with the regular world. An envelope arrives for each person, and when each opens their envelope, they are stunned to see the scenery around them change to a world they had never encountered before. They've been summoned by the Black Rabbit to help the community "No Name" to overthrow the Devil King.
 Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasugabe have tremendous psychic powers and are bored with the regular world. An envelope arrives for each person, and when each opens their envelope, they are stunned to see the scenery around them change to a world they had never encountered before.They’ve been summoned by the Black Rabbit to help the community “No Name” to overthrow the Devil King.
 Izayoi, Asuka, and You have been invited to participate in a Gift-Game at a hot spring village to help the small community there find a new water source.OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the light novel.
 Carmon Kingdom is a medieval style fantasy world where humans and monsters live together. Monkart Race is the most popular sport in the kingdom, as the highest ranker can be selected as knight. 12 year-old Jin of Latona Village also dreams to be the winner someday.One day, Destro, commander of the knights, invades the kingdom and tries to marry princess Sena. The princess escapes and comes across Jin. Their encounter awakes a dragon monster named Draka, who has been sealed in Jin’s sword.Now Jin, Sena, and their monsters start the most exciting adventures to save the kingdom.

 From out of the fires of space he was born... Kongo, a monkey made of stone, magically brought to life. Obsessed with a desire to learn and a need to be great, Kongo leaves his "family" on Flower Fruit Mountain in search of ancient knowledge and arcane wisdom. Not content to merely study and learn the mystical arts, Kongo masters the magic Jet Cloud, the first of his great weapons. With the power of the Jet Cloud, Kongo gains mastery of the air and returns to his adopted home just in time. Humans are laying claim to the monkeys` ancestral home. With his Jet Cloud and his newly-learned magical wisdom, Kongo defeats the humans and proclaims himself King of Flower Fruit Mountain. But in the Celestial Heavens, the gods are uneasy. A monkey defeating humans and declaring himself king? That cannot be allowed! They decide the monkeys must be taught a lesson and so they launch an attack on Kongo and all the monkeys of Flower Fruit Mountain.
 From out of the fires of space he was born... Kongo, a monkey made of stone, magically brought to life. Obsessed with a desire to learn and a need to be great, Kongo leaves his "family" on Flower Fruit Mountain in search of ancient knowledge and arcane wisdom. Not content to merely study and learn the mystical arts, Kongo masters the magic Jet Cloud, the first of his great weapons. With the power of the Jet Cloud, Kongo gains mastery of the air and returns to his adopted home just in time. Humans are laying claim to the monkeys` ancestral home. With his Jet Cloud and his newly-learned magical wisdom, Kongo defeats the humans and proclaims himself King of Flower Fruit Mountain. But in the Celestial Heavens, the gods are uneasy. A monkey defeating humans and declaring himself king? That cannot be allowed! They decide the monkeys must be taught a lesson and so they launch an attack on Kongo and all the monkeys of Flower Fruit Mountain.
 A TV series from Monkey Punch with a 1-hour premiere episode. Mankatsu will feature standard "Monkey characters" and ecchi-gags found in all Monkey Punch series.
 Mate Crime
 Based on Kawai Katsutoshi's manga of the same name, published in Weekly Shounen Sunday, Monkey Turn is a sports anime based around professional speed boat racing. The anime's protagonist, Tadano Kenji, is too short to follow his dream of becoming a professional baseball player, but his baseball coach recommends him to boat racing. One day Tadano-san unexpectedly meets his old girlfriend and they exchange promises
 New Cocotama series, to be streamed on YouTube channel.
 Plot Summary
 A calm village residing in the mountains comes under attack from a demon-possessed boar one day.Ashitaka, a young man and prince of the tribe, engages the creature in an attempt to save his village. During the battle, the boar bites him on the arm, leaving it blackened and cursed. Following his village's traditions, Ashitaka is exiled and becomes a wanderer, looking for a solution to the curse before it engulfs him.Iron Town is a fortress under the leadership of Lady Eboshi. Through the clearing of the surrounding forests, Iron Town produces large amounts of Ironsand, used for gunpowder and other machinery. However, because of the forests destruction, nearby animal clans seek revenge led by a human girl of the Wolf clan called San.When Ashitaka comes to Iron Town, he discovers the area consumed in battle. Horrified, he attempts to create peace and befriend the Wolf Clan. However, after the forest's eradication and the ongoing war between Human and Beast, will the Spirit of the Forest be forgiving and accept Ashitaka's request to expel his curse?
 Plot Summary
 This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with.Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos.
 This is a world where both men and monsters exist. Those who hunt the monsters are called Hunters. But in a small corner of the Hunter's world, there are those called Riders who bond with and coexist with monsters. With their Kizuna Ishi (Bonding Stones) that allow them to awaken the hidden power inside monsters, Riders live in secrecy together with their Otomon, the monsters they formed a connection with.Ryuto, a young boy living in the Rider village of Hakum, dreams of becoming the world's best Rider. Having just turned 12, he sets out to find his own Otomon for himself before the ceremony where he is given his own Kizuna Ishi. Together with his kind-hearted childhood friend Cheval, his inquisitive childhood friend Lilia, and his partner Naville, he sets out deep into the forest, and has a miraculous encounter with a Rathalos.
 Three years ago, the world learned that harpies, centaurs, catgirls, and all manners of fabulous creatures are not merely fiction; they are flesh and blood - not to mention scale, feather, horn and fang! Thanks to the Cultural Exchange Between Species Act, these once-mythical creatures have assimilated into society, or at least they are trying.When a hapless human teenager named Kurusu Kimihito is inducted as a "volunteer" into the government exchange program, his world is turned upside down. A snake-like lamia named Miia comes to live with him, and it is Kurusu's job to take care of her and make sure she integrates into his everyday life. Unfortunately for Kurusu, Miia is undeniably sexy, and the law against interspecies breeding is very strict. Even worse, when a ravishing centaur girl and a flirtatious harpy move in, what should a teenage human with raging hormones do?!
 With his parents abroad, Kimihito Kurusu lived a quiet, unremarkable life alone until monster girls came crowding in! This alternate reality presents cutting-edge Japan, the first country to promote the integration of non-human species into society. After the incompetence of interspecies exchange coordinator Agent Smith leaves Kimihito as the homestay caretaker of a Lamia named Miia, the newly-minted "Darling" quickly attracts girls of various breeds, resulting in an ever-growing harem flush with eroticism and attraction.Unfortunately for him and the ladies, sexual interactions between species is forbidden by the Interspecies Exchange Act! The only loophole is through an experimental marriage provision. Kimihito's life becomes fraught with an abundance of creature-specific caveats and sensitive interspecies law as the passionate, affectionate, and lusty women hound his every move, seeking his romantic and sexual affections. With new species often appearing and events materializing out of thin air, where Kimihito and his harem go is anyone's guess!
 Bundled with the 11th and 12th volumes of the manga. The OAD adapted the manga's chapter 17 from the fourth volume, where Miia, Cerea, Mero, and Kurusu go to the gym's pool
 During a physical exam, Miia, Centorea, and Mero discover that they have gained too much weight due to Kimihito Kurusu's delicious cooking. To remedy this, Polt offers them first use of her new pool and gym facility before its grand opening. However, it's not all fun and games, as the three girls' competitive spirits start to flare up!Meanwhile, when Rachnera Arachnera receives a letter from her previous host family, she finds out that they would like to meet with her and apologize for the events that caused her transfer. But, as it turns out, not only do they want to apologize, they want her back as well! When the family's daughter, Ren Kunanzuki, shows up at the front door, the gang must convince her to let Rachnera stay at Kimihito's house.
 Anime shorts that offer a secret candid look at the daily lives of Monster Musume. The shorts will update almost every weekday, but each short will be available for 24 hours only. The weekends will have a digest version summarizing the week's videos.
 Anime shorts that offer a secret candid look at the daily lives of Monster Musume. The shorts will update almost every weekday, but each short will be available for 24 hours only. The weekends will have a digest version summarizing the week's videos.
 In the town of Lindworm where monsters and humans coexist, Dr. Glenn runs an exemplary medical clinic for monster girls with his lamia assistant, Sapphee. Whether receiving a marriage proposal by a centaur injured in battle, palpating the injury of a mermaid, or suturing the delicate wounds of a flesh golem, Dr. Glenn performs his job with grace and confidence. But when an unsavory character seeks to steal a harpy egg, how will the unflappable Dr. Glenn respond...?
 In the town of Lindworm where monsters and humans coexist, Dr. Glenn runs an exemplary medical clinic for monster girls with his lamia assistant, Sapphee. Whether receiving a marriage proposal by a centaur injured in battle, palpating the injury of a mermaid, or suturing the delicate wounds of a flesh golem, Dr. Glenn performs his job with grace and confidence. But when an unsavory character seeks to steal a harpy egg, how will the unflappable Dr. Glenn respond...?
 Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he’s zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Together, they are searching for a way to revive the Phoenix, which is the only monster capable of stopping the evil Moo.
 Genki is a boy who loves playing video games. One day he's zapped into the world of Monster Rancher and meets the girl Holly and the monsters Mochi, Suezo, Golem, Tiger and Hare. Together, they are searching for a way to revive the Phoenix, which is the only monster capable of stopping the evil Moo.
 When D'Artagnan went to Tokyo for a little fun, she spotted an unforgettable sight
 Hiroki Morita, the president of the social networking service mixi, announced on Tuesday that an anime adaptation of his company's Monster Strike mobile action role-playing game has been green-lit for broadcast this year. He added that a Nintendo 3DS version of the game is in development for release this year. He did not give any more details on both new projects during Monday's financial results presentation in Tokyo.
 Second season of Monster Strike.
 New Monster Strike anime
 The Monster Strike film will feature a character named Lucifer.

 Second Part to Monster Strike 2.
 The episode follows Ren on his vacation in Okinawa. There, he meets a mysterious girl.
 Monster Strike Winter Special
 A woman transformed into a giant after she is struck by a meteorite on her wedding day becomes part of a team of monsters sent in by the U.S. government to defeat an alien mastermind trying to take over Earth.
 The further adventures of Susan and her monster friends as they defend Earth from various alien and supernatural threats.
 After scaling Mt. Everest, mountain climbing partners Saruwatari Gorou and "Lostman" Jack F. Woodbridge see the ISA Space Station, and each vows to make the trek into outerspace. When Helium 3, a new energy source, is discovered on the moon, NASA forms a new project named "Nexus" to harness that energy for use on earth. This is the story of the two and the paths they take to see their dream become a reality in the quest to harness the next-generation energy source.
 After scaling Mt. Everest, mountain climbing partners Saruwatari Gorou and "Lostman" Jack F. Woodbridge see the ISA Space Station, and each vows to make the trek into outerspace. When Helium 3, a new energy source, is discovered on the moon, NASA forms a new project named "Nexus" to harness that energy for use on earth. This is the story of the two and the paths they take to see their dream become a reality in the quest to harness the next-generation energy source.
 The second season of Moonlight Mile.
 "Moonrise" will portray the lives of two men, Jack and Al, as they confront various hardships in the vast world of outer space.
 A beautiful nation, prospering since ancient times, Japan is now known as the Anime Kingdom. There are more than just humans living there; animes truly do exist in Japan. Past the Fairy Ring, to the world of fairies, live anime-chans. There's a Fairy Ring in your town, too. Here. And there. Even in Harajuku. Maybe even in the Ashigara mountains. By some chance, we'll open that door. And we might get to meet the anime-chans. This is the land where you get to meet anime-chans.
 “Morita-san wa Mukuchi” is about Morita Mayu, a highschool girl who rarely speaks. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether .
 “Morita-san wa Mukuchi” is about Morita Mayu, a highschool girl who rarely speaks. The reason behind it is not because she doesn’t like to talk nor because she has nothing to say. The reason she rarely speaks is due to the fact she thinks too much before speaking, thus losing the timing to speak altogether .
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Minami joins her High School baseball team as a team manager after finding out that her best friend Yuuki is in the hospital and can't be a team manager any more. In order to try to fill in for Yuuki and to help out the team the best she can, she goes out to find a book on how to manage a baseball team.Unfortunately, she accidentally buys Peter Drucker's book called "Management
 The future is bleak and urbanized. A government super-power holds the keys to all the doors. Hope lies in a secret organization who kidnaps "gifted" children and teaches them to wield their ability to view the life energy of all living things. A young girl befriends a sempai, a street rat comes to rescue her, and two parents wait helplessly to see their daughter one last time...

 Sequel to Motto! Majime ni Fumajime Kaiketsu Zorori!
 Third season of Motto! Majime ni Fumajime Kaiketsu Zorori.
 After the losing of magical ability to become witches, they once again become them. But, now they have to go through tests from the Witches of the Witch World. They also meet a new member, from New York, U.S. comes Momoko (the yellow Ojamajo).
 Mo~tto Ojamajo Doremi movie features the five witches Doremi, Aiko, Hazuki, Onpu, and Momoko as they visit Doremi's grandpa's home. There, they learn of the mystery of the frog stone, a magical place where magic used to mingle in the old countryside. Aiko rediscovers her love for grandpa, and Doremi learns a piece of the magical kingdom's past.
 The short takes place at the KDDI R&D laboratory, where scientists are creating a telephone that can call the future, but an incident occurs when they are using the phone.
 After performing in their final middle school judo tournament, Michi and Sanae begin high school and walk in on Michi's final opponent fighting to save their new high school's judo club.
 Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins.
 Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins.
 The story follows a series of bizzare murders of schoolgirls who have been dismembered and stuffed into boxes. The private investigator hired by a missing daughters mother joins forces with an antique book seller and others to unravel the murder spree.
 Plot Summary
 Teacher Sorata Muon carries on his family's centuries-old old tradition of being the master thief Mouse who can steal anything after properly alerting authorities of his intentions so they can be there yet fail to stop him. He is assistedby 3 nubile female assistants who also use the teaching cover and who, in typical Satoru Akahori, favor tight/skimpy/bondage outfits over their ample curves as they constantly pursue Sorata much more than he pursues them, although the girls do get some attention from their master. Not only is Mouse pursued by the girls & the local law enforcement authorities, there is also a secret art protection society employing the services of a former ally of Sorata's after his pretty little hide, all in 15 minute episodes.
 Nezumi Monogatari is the story of two mice called George and Gerald who embark on a journey together with three friends to find the "Dragon of Light".
 An elementary school kid dubbed with the title "shounen bat" or "lil slugger" has been going around attacking people with his bent, golden bat. Now, two detectives are investigating so they can stop this kid from making any more attacks, but they will find out soon enough... that this case is much more than they expected.
 Genius scientist Tsukumo Susumu knows each and every single theory behind aerodynamics that exists on earth despite being only 13 years old. He wants to travel to the moon without the use of fossil fuels that power rockets. So begins his heavy research using his knowledge in the laws of physics, scientific theory and his wild imagination.His test subjects are the unpopular idol group Mix JUICE (Himawari, Yuri, Ayame, Sakura). They come up with all sorts of crazy ideas to become the first humans to successfully hold a concert on the face of the moon. Will the four girls from Mix JUICE be able to struggle their way to the moon successfully?
 Genius scientist Tsukumo Susumu knows each and every single theory behind aerodynamics that exists on earth despite being only 13 years old. He wants to travel to the moon without the use of fossil fuels that power rockets. So begins his heavy research using his knowledge in the laws of physics, scientific theory and his wild imagination.His test subjects are the unpopular idol group Mix JUICE (Himawari, Yuri, Ayame, Sakura). They come up with all sorts of crazy ideas to become the first humans to successfully hold a concert on the face of the moon. Will the four girls from Mix JUICE be able to struggle their way to the moon successfully?
 College student Tadayasu Sawaki has a unique ability. He can see and communicate with bacteria and other microorganisms. Hijinks ensue. Sawaki Souemon Tadayasu is a freshmen in Tokyo agriculture university. He has a unique ability that worth the value of a 1 million yen electron microscope
 College student Tadayasu Sawaki has a unique ability. He can see and communicate with bacteria and other microorganisms. Hijinks ensue. Sawaki Souemon Tadayasu is a freshmen in Tokyo agriculture university. He has a unique ability that worth the value of a 1 million yen electron microscope
 In the second season the story continues exactly where it left off previously. Professor Itsuki's Fermentation Cellar and laboratory is ready for operation and with Sawaki Tadayasu's unique gift to see and communicate with microbes to help, Itsuki's motley group of students begin to process different fermented products like soy sauce and sake.

 The lovely, mysterious girl Phoebe never imagines she would become the girlfriend of a handsome pilot after her cheating ex-boyfriend dumps her, much less the arrogant captain turns out to be a considerate man who spoils her to the extreme. A new chapter of her life has begun, which is composed of nothing but happiness.
 Pen-Pen, the hat-and-tie-wearing prince of Penguin Land, turns up unexpectedly on little Mika's doorstep. and invites himself and his zany friends to stay.Based on the manga by Muroyama Mayumi, serialised in Shougaku Ninensei.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Since then The tomb sect in Jianghu is in its heyday. But after that, The Tomb sect is divided. King of the Tombs’ heir, Mu Rong Shi Is a Tomb Guards Sect. The Luo family ran away and build the Luo Family Ancestral Hall as a separate faction and is known as the Tomb Attackers Sect.When the two sects meet If the next generation of the Tomb Attacker Sect succeeded in getting Tomb Destruction Orders at the Nine-Locked Chain Tomb they can get the King’s Tomb Throne. For thousands of years both the Great Sect, the Tomb Attacker Sect, and the Tomb Guards Sect very difficult to separate.To this day The king Palace deliberately put treasure in the tomb. Tomb Guards Sect, Mu Rong Xian, to show his loyalty he smuggled the tomb guard from outside. When the news spreads the world of martial arts is divided. The masters of the Tomb Attacker Sect and the Wulin Alliance, Luo Shi Qiu, Lou Man Feng, Han Qian Luo, and Lin Shui Yao The four of them endangered themselves and swear to destroy the Nine-Locked Chain Tomb.
 The struggles of an artist attempting to balance self-expression and the need for recognition.
 Manji is an immortal swordsman, who has been cursed with eternal life. He has grown tired of living with all the death he has created. He has no skills other than those of killing, thus he forms a plan to regain his mortality
 Manji is an infamous swordsman in feudal Japan who is known as the "Hundred Man Killer," as he has killed one hundred innocent men. However, there is something far more frightening than his ominous reputation
 The year is AD 2225. Kouji Aiba and Aoi Housen are serving as astronauts in-training in Liebe Delta which is located on the edge of the Geduld Sea. When saboteurs with unknown intents suddenly strike during a routine dive procedure, the space station plummets into the Geduld, a plasma field that links all the planets like a nervous system and crushes any ship that strays too far into it. With all the adults onboard killed, the young astronauts will have to survive this long journey home in midst of the growing tension amongst each other. Meanwhile the organizers of the sabotage look on and prepare to attack once more.
 The year is AD 2225. Kouji Aiba and Aoi Housen are serving as astronauts in-training in Liebe Delta which is located on the edge of the Geduld Sea. When saboteurs with unknown intents suddenly strike during a routine dive procedure, the space station plummets into the Geduld, a plasma field that links all the planets like a nervous system and crushes any ship that strays too far into it. With all the adults onboard killed, the young astronauts will have to survive this long journey home in midst of the growing tension amongst each other. Meanwhile the organizers of the sabotage look on and prepare to attack once more.
 A collection of comedy shorts with the characters of Mugen no Ryvius.
 SD Black Clover short comedy specials released exclusively on dTV.
 Are you a victim of unwanted spirit possession? Is there a ghost you need sent up and away...or down to burn for all eternity? If the answer is yes, then you need Muhyo and Roji, experts in magic law. Serving justice to evil spirits is their specialty.
 Are you a victim of unwanted spirit possession? Is there a ghost you need sent up and away...or down to burn for all eternity? If the answer is yes, then you need Muhyo and Roji, experts in magic law. Serving justice to evil spirits is their specialty.
 Second season of Muhyo to Rouji no Mahouritsu Soudan Jimusho.
 Second season of Muhyo to Rouji no Mahouritsu Soudan Jimusho.
 Shouta, a 25-year-old NEET, is mocked by his former female classmates who've all become successes, at their class reunion. A mysterious incident at the school pool throws him back in time and lets him deal with those same classmates back when they were fifth grade girls.
 Space princess Fandora and her sidekick Que are bounty hunters in an age where warp travel has become a reality, along with space criminals. Fandora possesses the red, magic, "Jewel of Lupia" which she uses to fight with when conventional weapons are ineffective. In pursuit of space criminal Red Eye Geran, they encounter in the kingdom of Lemia a mysterious evil religious leader who has taken control from its legitimate rulers. This individual possesses a blue jewel which will unify the dimensions of the universe and start an age of peace or terror if it is conjoined with the "Jewel of Lupia." And so Fandora and he are fated to meet.
 Short animated film by Maruyama Shouji from 1947.
 To save her father from death in the army, a young maiden secretly goes in his place and becomes one of China's greatest heroines in the process.
 Preparing for their wedding Shang and Mulan are suddenly sent off on a secret mission Mushu starts to meddle and a surprise attack by Mongolians doesn't help either.
 It is the year 20XX. Earth was assaulted by monsters that would come to be known as "the Enemy of Humanity." In order to deal with this threat, special schools composed of teenagers with extraordinary abilities were formed. These people, who came to be known as "the Talented," had abilities that could defy the rules of reality.Among these people with supernatural powers was an outlier, an individual who was sent to one of these schools despite having no innate special abilities whatsoever. This is the story of our protagonist, who attempts to defeat the Enemies of Humanity through the use of intelligence and manipulation alone.
 Mini anime for Munou na Nana released weekly on the official Twitter and website.
 Akuto, the main source of energy is running low and the Heavens, a world of islands, hidden beyond time, floating above ours, has united against the Magical Kingdom whom uses the most energy. To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the lower world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world.
 Two years have passed since the catastrophic event known as the "Continent's Dropping" from the first OVA episode. Yumemi still has not forgotten her ability to see the world above, but now she's in the last years of middle school, tests and real life take over. Unknown to the people of the world, Akuto the world still thrives, but the war rages on. In need of help, Gaz, sends Munto down into Earth once more to find the "Girl of Destiny" in order to save Heaven from its ultimately demise. Yumemi must once confront the only world she sees, and not even her friends Ichiko and Suzune can help her.
 To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the flow of energy of everything, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the normal world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world.
 The story tells a romantic comedy between Tanaka, a high school teacher who loves otome games, and Murai, a high school boy who is in love with Tanaka. Tanaka, who has never been involved in a real-life romance, is confessed to by Murai but rejects his confession. On the next day, Murai transforms himself into the exact likeness of Tanaka's favorite character from her favorite otome game.
 In the kingdom of Forland, a coup d'etat occurs which leads to the death of the King. In the last moments of his life, the King sends his only child, Princess Alita Forland to escape. Unfortunately, while fleeing, a life and death situation between Alita and the bloodthirsty bounty hunter Falis causes the two of them to switch bodies. Desperate for the safety of her Kingdom, Alita begs Falis to return and protect the Kingdom, offering herself as collateral. After a swift beating on the rebel forces, Falis resumes the title of Princess of Forland, leading to the birth of the most savage princess in their land, the "Murder Princess".
 Seton Academy, a school full of animals where, thanks to population decline, there are fewer humans than any other creature. Mazama Jin, an animal hater and the only human male in his class, falls in love with Hino Hitomi, the only female human, the moment he lays eyes her. However he soon finds himself entangled with various other creatures after he reluctantly joins the 'pack' of Lanka the wolf, the only other member of her pack.
 Unaired short episode included with the third volume of the Seton Academy Blu-ray release.
 In the near future, spirits and monsters are in full sight. A boy leads a group of people with special abilities as they plot against a massive organization that takes advantage of a certain incident and eventually know the truth about their world in the process.
 Phantoms
 A special unaired episode of Musaigen no Phantom World bundled with the series' seventh DVD/BD.
 Picture drama specials bundled with the main series' Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 A special unaired episode of Musaigen no Phantom World bundled with the series' seventh DVD/BD volume.
 Musashi no Ken is the story of a boy named Musashi who aims to be the Kendo champion. Part of the anime is him as a child, and part is of him as an adult.
 Sequel series to Urawa no Usagi-chan.
 Taking place in a very distant in future, the adventure begins when a boy meets a certain girl. The Pan Galaxy Republic has declined and so have many empires. This resulted to people in the galaxy being scattered. Living in the peaceful side of their world, Banjou, who picks up trashes at the spherical wall met a girl, frozen, in a broken spaceship. There are bad guys who chase her, and thus, the quiet galaxy suddenly became lively. Little did he know that the frozen girl is Goza 168th, the key to decide the destiny of the whole universe. Overcoming hardship, the two embarks on a trip to make the Galaxy Republic alive again. It may be a difficult challenge, but it's alright, let's progress slowly! A comedy of irresponsible galaxy trip begins!
 Many years ago, Azalyn's best friend in all the universe was a similar aged boy named Ruu. Also royalty of a sort, they shared the way that children do and both pledged that one day they would rule fairly. Both also agreed that one day they would meet again. Also included on this disc are stories featuring Yamamoto
 Justy Ueki Tylor had his life all planned out
 Six long months have passed. The Raalgon Empire has developed a horrible new type of weapon, and Tylor has been charged with the duty of intercepting it as it is being transported. But when all that could go wrong does go wrong, the crew members of the Soyokaze find themselves at the mercy of their enemies. As the hours tick down toward their execution, the crew wonders
 Mushi-uta's story takes place in the near future. Ten years before the story's opening, strange insect-like creatures known as "Mushi" began appearing. The Mushi are able to consume peoples' dreams and thoughts in return for supernatural powers. At the end of episode one, protagonist Daisuke "Kakkou" Kusuriya encounters a young girl named Shiika Anmoto. The two, in time, become quite close. However, unbeknownst to Kakkou, Shiika is an escapee from a secret prison known as GARDEN where those posessed by the Mushi, known as the Mushitsuki are held. GARDEN's military force, the Special Environmental Conservation Executive Office, dispatches its finest killer to track down Shiika. However, they are faced with resistance from the Mushibane resistance organisation, led by the secretive "Ladybird."
 Description
 The first OVA will be bundled on a special-edition DVD with the 15th volume of the Mushibugyou manga.
 In a near future, an illness called "Cagaster" made ​​its appearance. It turns humans into insects. The story begins 30 years after the onset of the illness, in 2125. It follows the adventures of Kidou, a boy who fights insects.
 In a near future, an illness called "Cagaster" made ​​its appearance. It turns humans into insects. The story begins 30 years after the onset of the illness, in 2125. It follows the adventures of Kidou, a boy who fights insects.
 Plot Summary
 "Mushi"
 New one-hour special which will adapt an upcoming two-chapter manga.
 Second season of Mushishi.
 Second season of Mushishi Zoku Shou set to air Fall 2014.
 Previously unaired episodes 11 and 12 of Mushishi Zoku Shou will be broadcasted as an one hour special on August 20, 2014 and bundled with anime's third Blu-ray/DVD volume on November 26, 2014. Adapts "Odoro no Michi" (Path of Thorns) manga chapters.
 Adaptation of the last arc of the manga's final volume.
 Second season of Mushoku Tensei
 Unaired episode included in the fourth Blu-ray volume. The episode will take place during the same time in episode 16 (episode 5 in second cours) and depict what Eris and Ruijerd were up to outside the main story, as teased by the comment "Goblin Extermination."
 This is the continuation of the previous serious (season 1 of Mushoku Tensei). This series picks up right where the last series leaves off. Rudeus, Eris, and Ruijard are doing everything they can to get back home after being mysteriously teleported to a different continent. Through their travels they discover new places, new people, and new revelations about themselves and their loved ones. It's a journey filled with wonder, excitement, and emotion.
 Second half of Mushoku Tensei
 Unaired episode included in the fourth Blu-ray volume. The episode will take place during the same time in episode 16 (episode 5 in second cours) and depict what Eris and Ruijerd were up to outside the main story, as teased by the comment "Goblin Extermination."
 After a scooter accident provoked by a mysterious woman's vision, Angelino, a deadbeat like thousands of others in Dark Meat City, starts getting violent migraines that are accompanied by strange hallucinations. Along with his good buddy Vinz, he tries to figure out what's happening to him while threatening men in black seem determined to catch him.
 After a scooter accident provoked by a mysterious woman's vision, Angelino, a deadbeat like thousands of others in Dark Meat City, starts getting violent migraines that are accompanied by strange hallucinations. Along with his good buddy Vinz, he tries to figure out what's happening to him while threatening men in black seem determined to catch him.
 When the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles acquire Mutastones from Crys-Mu, the spirit of light, they acquire the ability to enhance themselves into Super Turtles for a duration of three minutes. Meanwhile, the evil Shredder and his minions Bebop and Rocksteady stumble upon the Dark Mutastone, which transforms them into Devil Shredder, Supermutant Bebop and Supermutant Rocksteady, respectively. But the Turtles have one more trick up their shells
 There once existed a planet named Beal, until it was wiped out by the mysterious entity known as Gaizok. The few remaining survivors escaped to Earth and split into three families, named Jin, Kamie, and Kamikita respectively. While attempting to start a new life, the collectively known "Jin Family" prepared for the inevitable Gaizok invasion on Earth and its giant mechanical beasts known as "Mecha Boosts". In order to defend their new home, they have built three vehicles which when combined form the mighty Zambot 3. The Jin Family must not only defend against Gaizok attacks, but also harsh criticisms from the very people they protect, who blame the Jin Family for the invasion in the first place.
 Souzou Haran was a brilliant scientist that was conducting research on Mars. He created a form of cyborg life with the ability to think for itself. These cyborgs, dubbed the Meganoids, soon ran out of control and killed Dr. Haran along with his whole family, save his youngest son, the 16-year-old Banjou Haran. Banjou escapes from Mars on a rocket with a solar-powered super robot called Daitarn 3, which was built with the special metals of Mars. Now eighteen years old and living on Earth in a luxurious mansion, Banjou fights against the Meganoids with the aid of his faithful butler Garrison and his two gorgeous companions Reika and Beauty. Together they must stop the evil Meganoids which aspire to turn all humans into cyborgs and thus "improve" the human race.
 Takeo Watta inherits a company upon his father's death. The company focuses on space travel, and the transformable robot Trider-G7 is their greatest creation. When an evil space organization lead by Lord Zakuron starts attacking Earth, Watta has to use Trider in a more combat-oriented way.
 Set in a city modeled after San Francisco in the 1980s, the protagonist has transformed into the hero Muteking and is fighting against evil aliens for some reason. Such a cheerful hero will return in 2020! Sci-fi hero love comedy Muteking the Dancing Hero, singing and dancing with pop music.
 During the Edo Period, 3 mysterious space capsules were sent down to earth. Fear that it might bring chaos to the earth, the humans at that time buried these 3 objects down beneath the ground and entrusted a piece of descriptive map to the Kamui family. Today, these 3 objects were awaken one by one. The first to awaken, Tri-Zenon, one of the Zenon Guardians is now driven by the descendant of the Kamui family, Akira Kamui, his brother Ai Kamui and his friend Kanna. Aliens who descend to earth with a purpose will now have to face Tri-Zenon.
 Legends tell of an invincible martial art known as Mutsu Enmei-Ryu, an unarmed style that allows the user to defeat any number of armed opponents using incredible speed and strength. This is the story of three generations of those who bear the name Mutsu, and their encounters and battles with the strongest fighters of their era.
 Unusual things have been happening in Moominvalley. Moomin, Sniff and Mee leave for the Observatory on the Lonely Mountains to confirm the Muskrat's words
 In 1973, the invasion of an extra terrestrial life form, the BETA, began a war that has driven mankind to the brink of extinction. In an attempt to counter the BETA's overwhelming strength in numbers, mankind has developed the humanoid weapons known as TSFs, deploying them on the front lines of their Anti-BETA War all across the globe. However, mankind still lost the majority of Eurasia to the superior numbers of the marching BETA. For nearly 30 years, mankind has remained bogged down in its struggle against the BETA with no hope in sight.
 A story of the bonds between those who fight, in a world pushed to its limits. On one of the countless parallel worlds that exist throughout spacetime, humanity has fought a decades long war against the BETA, hostile extraterrestrial invaders, using humanoid fighting machines called Tactical Surface Fighters. This is a story of how humanity lives and dies while on the brink of extinction...
 Plot Summary
 Since 1973, an invasion of aliens known as BETA upon Earth is driving human civilization into nearly collapse. Facing an enormous mass of enemy force, mankind has developed large humanoid arms called as Tactical Surface Fighters and deployed them to its defense lines through out the world. However, all those efforts could slow down defeats but could not stop BETA, and mankind is forced to abandon major area of the Eurasian Continent. For 30 years, mankind is bogged down in an endless war against BETA without any hopes of victory.In 2001, the Imperial Japan faces difficulties in the development of a next-generation main Tactical Surface Fighters (TSF) as it defends the front lines of the Far East. The UN has proposed a joint development program between the Imperial Japan and the United States as a part of its international mutual development project of TSF, the Prominence Project.Yui Takamura, a surface pilot of the Imperial Royal Guards of Japan, is given responsibility for the project and sets off to Alaska. Meanwhile, Yuya Bridges, also a surface pilot of the US Army, was heading to the same destination.Yet they never knew that their encounter would change their destiny drastically.This story with exciting human dramas and robot actions takes place in the development of a new Tactical Surface Fighters, the most important and effective weapons against BETA, at a crisis of human extinction.
 Prepare to LOL! Zhang Xiao, a food stall owner, is called mommy by the heiress to the Mu family, Mu Ya by accident. She accepts her father Mu Chen’s offer to be her nanny. With them living under the same roof, a fun and heart-warming journey begins.

 One day, while being attacked, Chang Tian unintentionally invokes an artifact called Xiao Bai that protects him from a terrible fate. After this, he finds himself on a battlefield, where he will fight alongside several other people like him, able to invoke artifacts...
 Tetsuo Tosu, an ordinary salaryman, discovers his daughter, Reika, has been physically abused by her boyfriend, Matori Nobuto. Trying to learn more about him, Tetsuo uncovers Matori's scheme to extort money from Reika's wealthy grandparents, and finds out that he is a member of a crime syndicate, with a history of murdering his former girlfriends.Filled with rage and fear at the thought of Reika being in danger, Tetsuo ends up killing Nobuto, and with the help of his wife, Kasen, successfully disposes of the body. Now, as the members of the syndicate begin to question Nobuto's sudden disappearance, Tetsuo and Kasen must work together to ensure the safety of their daughter and prevent her from getting involved in the predicament any further.
 Tetsuo Tosu, an ordinary salaryman, discovers his daughter, Reika, has been physically abused by her boyfriend, Matori Nobuto. Trying to learn more about him, Tetsuo uncovers Matori's scheme to extort money from Reika's wealthy grandparents, and finds out that he is a member of a crime syndicate, with a history of murdering his former girlfriends.Filled with rage and fear at the thought of Reika being in danger, Tetsuo ends up killing Nobuto, and with the help of his wife, Kasen, successfully disposes of the body. Now, as the members of the syndicate begin to question Nobuto's sudden disappearance, Tetsuo and Kasen must work together to ensure the safety of their daughter and prevent her from getting involved in the predicament any further.

 The story unfolds through the eyes of a criminal who receives the same crucifixion sentence as Christ. The criminal’s own guilt causes him to realize more fully Christ’s innocence. “My Last Day” is a short film of regret, repentance and redemption that frames the story of salvation in a new and refreshing way that will capture the attention of a new generation. Anime created by The JESUS Film Project, with Barry Cook and Studio 4C Kabushiki-Gaisha Sutajio Yondo Shii. Based on the book of Luke
 The story unfolds through the eyes of a criminal who receives the same crucifixion sentence as Christ. The criminal’s own guilt causes him to realize more fully Christ’s innocence. “My Last Day” is a short film of regret, repentance and redemption that frames the story of salvation in a new and refreshing way that will capture the attention of a new generation. Anime created by The JESUS Film Project, with Barry Cook and Studio 4C Kabushiki-Gaisha Sutajio Yondo Shii. Based on the book of Luke
 After learning that her friends, as well as herself, are the magical Elements of Harmony, studious unicorn Twilight Sparkle is sent by her mentor, Princess Celestia, to Ponyville to study the magic of friendship with help from her friends.

 After learning that her friends, as well as herself, are the magical Elements of Harmony, studious unicorn Twilight Sparkle is sent by her mentor, Princess Celestia, to Ponyville to study the magic of friendship with help from her friends.
 After learning that her friends, as well as herself, are the magical Elements of Harmony, studious unicorn Twilight Sparkle is sent by her mentor, Princess Celestia, to Pon

 Lu Chen has five masters.Master father, the master of a domain, is the best of the past and present.The second master, the master of the holy land, has a masterful cultivation base.The three masters, the eternal female emperors, are handed down to the world.The four masters, the supreme alchemy world, are famous all over the world.The fifth master, the emperor master of refining, is full of talent.The five masters are all over the country, with the beauty of a wild goose, and they are excellent in their respective fields.Lu Chen

 Totoro is a forest spirit that little Mei, and later her older sister Satsuki, encounter in a giant camphor tree near their new home in the countryside. Although their father, a university professor, is with them when they move, their mother is in the hospital, recovering from some unnamed illness. When Mei hears that her mother's condition may be getting worse, she resolves to visit her all by herself. When everyone realizes she's missing, only Totoro knows how to find her!

 Xiang Ye was a fairly ordinary young man; after happening upon a ring he finds himself summoned to another world by members of the Demon Tribe, including their queen, Isabella Osa. In an attempt to save their lives from the human armies, Xiang Ye claims that the, now greatly weakened, Isabella is his wife, Yei Bi. Now both must try to get stronger to survive in The Capital of the Human Tribe territory.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary

 During a winter walk, Natsume Takashi meets a snowman yokai who is searching for something she is lost and cannot seem to recall and decides to help her despite not knowing what exactly she is looking for.
 Ever since he was little, Takashi Natsume has been able to see what others could not, namely monstrous spirits known as Yokai. Natsume's late grandmother, Reiko, would challenge Yokai to contests and the ones that lost had to sign a contract with her, binding their names to her "Yujin-cho." Ever since Natsume has inherited the book, together with Nyanko Sensei, his self-proclaimed bodyguard, he spends his days trying to return the names within the book to their owners.Natsume has been busy, navigating between humans and Yokai when he coincidentally reunites with an old classmate, Yuki. It brings back painful memories of a certain Yokai. Meanwhile, Natsume also became acquainted with Yorie Tsumura, a woman in the memories of a Yokai whose name he had returned. Yorie knew much about Reiko, but now lived a peaceful life with her only son, Mukuo. Being with this family was comforting for Natsume, but apparently a mysterious Yokai has been lurking in their town.On the way back from investigating, a "Yokai seed" that had latched itself to Nyanko Sensei drops into the Fujiwaras' garden and grows overnight into a fruit tree. When Nyanko Sensei eats a fruit that is somehow shaped like himself, he suddenly splits into three!
 Season 6 of Natsume Yuujinchou.
 New unaired episodes included in 4th and 5th DVD volumes of Natsume Yuujinchou Roku.
 Natsume Takashi has the ability to see spirits, which he has long kept secret. However, once he inherits a strange book that belonged to his deceased grandmother, Reiko, he discovers the reason why spirits surround him. Containing the names of these spirits, a binding contract was formed between the spirits and the owner of the book. Now, Natsume is determined to free the spirits and dissolve the contracts. With the help of a spirit cat, his days are filled trying to return the names to these spirits.
 Natsume Yuujinchou San follows Takashi Natsume, a boy who is able to see youkai. Natsume and his bodyguard Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei, continue on their quest to release youkai from their contracts in the "Book of Friends."Natsume comes to terms with his ability to see youkai and stops thinking of it as a curse. As he spends more time with his human and youkai friends, he realizes how much he values them both and decides he doesn't have to choose between the spirit and human worlds to be happy.
 Natsume Yuujinchou is a light and cheerful anime adapted from the manga of the same name. Since he was young, a teenage boy named Natsume Takashi has been able to see spirits, but keeping this ability a secret has now become a heavy burden for him and has made his life difficult. This begins to change when Takashi inherits his grandmother’s “Book of Friends”. He discovers that she, Natsume Reiko, shared the same ability as him and starts to understand why he was always targeted by both good and bad spirits.After learning the true meaning behind the Book of Friends, which allows him to manipulate the spirits listed within its pages, Takashi undertakes a journey with his bodyguard, the infamous spirit Madara, to free the spirits of their contracts with Reiko.
 The film will be made up of two stories
 A new original animated story included on a bonus mail-order DVD eligible for readers of LaLa's August, October and September 2013 issues. It was later aired as a special in the broadcast schedule of Natsume Yuujinchou Go on the 16.November 2016.
 Natsuna Kunugi, a university student in Tokyo, visits Kumamoto in search of friends who she could not contact following the Kumamoto earthquakes. There, she meets local people who are full of compassion and uniqueness, including the energetic junior high school student, Izumi. A heartfelt coming-of-age story begins.
 A young man with poor eyesight named Hazuki works part-time in a flower shop and falls hard for the shop-owner Rokka. But what happens when he discovers that residing in her apartment is the spirit of the man she can never forget?
 Humanity, in its hubris, has precipitated an ecological disaster. Flourishing industrial civilizations have been swallowed up. Today, a millennium after the collapse of the industrial societies, large portions of the Earth are uninhabitable. Among those, one of the most relevant is the Sea of Corruption, an enormous forest of fungi that releases a miasma of poisonous spores into the air.Nausicaa, a gentle young princess from a village-sized kingdom, has an empathetic bond with the giant mutated insects that evolved in the wake of the destruction of the ecosystem. Traveling by cumbersome flying ships, on the backs of giant birds, and perched atop her beloved glider, Nausicaa and her allies must appease the angers and fears of nations and people alike, all the while trying to convince the belligerents of the truth she has learned regarding their environment...
 Miura Kyoji, a dedicated kendo student, discovers that his shisho (master) Tate Masanari is a reincarnated Incan warrior named Yawaru who wishes to destroy the world to purify it. Kyoji himself is the warrior Bilka, who foiled Yawaru’s plans in their previous lives. Yawaru gathers other awakened spirits to release the powers of nature. Now Koyji must wrestle with his own fate and decide if he is merely a vessel for the reincarnated soul or if he is truly Miura Kyoji and which will be better able to save the world and the future as he knows it.
 A series of short specials where Cheshire, Nemesis and Shu explain the world of VRMMO Infinite Dendrogram.

 Every girl is a mystery when you're a 16-year-old boy, but Mikoto Urabe is in another league. She carries scissors hidden in her panties. She sleeps on her desk every day. She seems to have no friends whatsoever. But none of that can compare to what happens when Tsubaki Akira decides on a whim to taste a drop of her drool while Urabe sleeps.From that moment onward, things between Urabe and Akira are never the same, and the mysterious girl slowly becomes Akira's mysterious girlfriend. Along with their friends Ueno Kouhei and Oka Ayuko, Akira and Urabe try and navigate the minefield of high school first romance and all the strange things that happen along the way.
 Tokine Amino works as a secretary for TEN2, an advertising agency. One day while cleaning the conference room, she is surrounded in light and finds she can't leave the room until she solves a puzzle.It seems a creature named Hacchin is a being from another dimension called Quizn. He is interested in the intellectual pleasure that happens when someone solves a puzzles or uncovers a mystery. And he has his sight set on Tokine Amino.
 In the near future, mankind has suffered from a Third World War, leaving extreme damage all over and forced mankind to become even more distinct from their species. The world was at chaos and from this chaos comes a new species
 In the near future, mankind has suffered from a Third World War, leaving extreme damage all over and forced mankind to become even more distinct from their species. The world was at chaos and from this chaos comes a new species
 10-year old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one- to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard,and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But, unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in.
 At war with the adjacent Kioka Republic, the Katjvarna Empire.In that region, due to certain circumstances, there was a certain youth unwillingly preparing to take the High Grade Military Officer Exam. His name, Ikta. Disliker of war, lazy, admirer of women.No one predicted that that kind of Ikta would later on become a soldier referred to even as a great commander...He who survived a world embroiled in war with his superior genius, Ikta. Illustrating his dynamic, dramatic life, a splendid fantasy military history, the curtain is raised at last!
 At war with the adjacent Kioka Republic, the Katjvarna Empire.In that region, due to certain circumstances, there was a certain youth unwillingly preparing to take the High Grade Military Officer Exam. His name, Ikta. Disliker of war, lazy, admirer of women.No one predicted that that kind of Ikta would later on become a soldier referred to even as a great commander...He who survived a world embroiled in war with his superior genius, Ikta. Illustrating his dynamic, dramatic life, a splendid fantasy military history, the curtain is raised at last!
 The Kikaika (literally mechanization) Empire invades our solar system, and in a matter of moments they take over and convert Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter,and Mars, and set their sights on Earth. However, one thing stands in their way. Earth's ancient protector and soldier of light, Eldoran. To fight this menace he gifts a 5th-grade class with 3 huge robotic dinosaurs, with the power to merge and form the giant robot Gosaurer, which they then can pilot and use to stop the Kikaika Empire's advances.
 A short in which a student named Ai meets an alien with a time machine. Ai also appears in the short Kobe to Watashi.
 During the holiday season, a young man encounters a drunken cat belonging to an old man in an alley. The old man has trained his three cats to sing.
 The series focuses on a professional boxer who chooses to become a manga artist after sustaining an injury. The man takes in two cats
 The story imagines if Japanese historical figures such as Queen Himiko, the warlord Oda Nobunaga, and samurai Sakamoto Ryouma were cats.
 Second season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
 Third season of Neko Neko Nihonshi.
 TV adaptation of Cocone Corporation's mobile puzzle game app.Discover the adventures of the cat painter, Vincent van Meowogh who lives in a mansion in Paris surrounded by his quirky friends. Let's give him a spark of inspiration for his painting by completing puzzle stages, buy back the furniture and restore his home to its former glory!
 A story about Cat pitcher Mi-Tarou's actions. It is a 23-koma that serialized in Yomiuri Shimbun Sunday.
 Koyama Yuzu is running an antique shop. Mayu, a cat god (nekogami), is living off Yuzu and leads an idle life playing games. Lots of other gods visit Mayu and enjoy merrymaking.
 Koyama Yuzu is running an antique shop. Mayu, a cat god (nekogami), is living off Yuzu and leads an idle life playing games. Lots of other gods visit Mayu and enjoy merrymaking.
 Short episodes included in the Nekogami Yoayorozu Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
 Based on the comics by the late Nekojiru. Contains 23 animated shorts aired TV Asahi Network's show "Bokusho Mondai Boss Chara Ou." and 4 unbroadcast episodes.
 The main character, a cat named Nyatto, embarks upon a journey to save his sister's soul, which was ripped in two when Nyatto tried to save her from Death. She trails after him, brain-dead. They encounter many brilliant, mind-bending situations, beginning with a disturbing magic show.
 Adaption of the 6th book in the Monogatari series, containing the Tsubasa Family Arc and featuring Hanekawa Tsubasa.
 Neko Works announced at Comiket 95 a new TV anime series based on the Nekopara visual novels.
 Kashou Minaduki, a son of a long line of Japanese confection makers, moved out to open his own patisserie "La Soleil". When unpacking his stuff, Kashou found two of the catgirls(“neko”) that his family had been raising hiding in the boxes
 A family was riding a car on their way home from a maternity hospital. Satomi and Yasunori were taking their newborn baby named "Orine" home and were filled with happy expectation. However, a sudden accident attacked them. Orine lost her parents, and she became alone.Nineteen years have passed, and she has grown up. She was pursued by the police because of an incident. She continued to escape, but Yuri Aoshima, a member of a shady organization, tried to contact her. Orine agreed to Yuri's demand, which was going to an experimental space station. Yuri will help her to escape, instead.Somehow, only Orine can enter an unmanned space station. Surprisingly, the person who was waiting for Orine was her mother, Satomi. She appeared in the similitude of her twenties. Orine was perplexed, and Yuri demanded to turn the power off of the station. Unwillingly, she started to place the shut-down device, but she believed that it will solve the mystery and help her mother.As Orine and Satomi spend time together, they made up for their lost time. Yuri's aim, Satomi's true identity, and a man called "SENSEI" who is involved in taking over the station.While the mystery deepens, Orine gets closer to the "truth"...
 Arcadia is plagued with evil, life-draining demons called Thanatos and a vast lack of Purifiers to exterminate them all. While attending school, Angelique attracts the eye of a man who intends to turn the tides to the people’s favor. What lies within her is the key to Arcadia’s survival.
 Arcadia is plagued with evil, life-draining demons called Thanatos and a vast lack of Purifiers to exterminate them all. While attending school, Angelique attracts the eye of a man who intends to turn the tides to the people’s favor. What lies within her is the key to Arcadia’s survival.
 1. Labyrinth LabyrinthosA girl and her cat fall through a looking-glass into a dark labyrinth full of strange people.2. Running ManIn the distant future, a tough racer uses his psychokinetic powers against his opponents during his final race. 3. The Order to Stop ConstructionA snooty salaryman is sent by his bosses to the jungle to stop a completely automated construction job, and spends several days there arguing with the robots.
 At the age of 14 Shinji Ikari is summoned by his father to the city of Neo Tokyo-3 after several years of separation. There he unwillingly accepts the task of becoming the pilot of a giant robot by the name EVA01 and protect the world from the enigmatic invaders known as “angels.” Even though he repeatedly questions why he has accepted this mission from his estranged and cold father, his doing so helps him to gradually accept himself. However, why exactly are the angels attacking and what are his father’s true intentions are yet to be unraveled.
 Originally a collection of clips from the Neon Genesis Evangelion TV series, Death was created as a precursor to the re-worked ending of the series. Rebirth was intended as that reworked ending but after production overruns became only the first half of the first episode of The End of Evangelion, with some minor differences. Over time, two newer director's cuts of Death were produced, each including new footage not seen in the series - these were called Death (True) and finally Death (True)^2. Note that despite containing clips from the series, Death (True)^2 & Rebirth should be seen after the series itself to be fully understood.
 Shinji Ikari is left emotionally comatose after the death of a dear friend. With his son mentally unable to pilot the humanoid robot Evangelion Unit-01, Gendou Ikari's NERV races against the shadow organization SEELE to see who can enact their ultimate plan first. SEELE desires to create a godlike being by fusing their own souls into an Evangelion unit, while Gendou wishes to revert all of humanity into one primordial being so that he can be reunited with Yui, his deceased wife.SEELE unleashes its military forces in a lethal invasion of NERV headquarters. As SEELE's forces cut down NERV's scientists and security personnel, Asuka Langley Souryuu pilots Evangelion Unit-02 in a desperate last stand against SEELE's heaviest weaponry.The battle rages on, and a depressed Shinji hides deep within NERV's headquarters. With the fate of the world resting in Shinji's hands, Captain Misato Katsuragi hunts for the teenage boy as society crumbles around them.
 The story takes place in a time when the world is in the pits of despair after being ravaged by a poison called “shinobi” that came to earth via an asteroid. The people run away to the place called “Kairiku,” a place that used to be the bottom of the ocean. Here, the people try and protect themselves against the effects of the poison. In such a world, there was a single light of hope. The “Holy Weapon Giga Road” and the legendary warrior “Yagyuu” are needed in order to counter the effects of the poison. In order to save the world, Ame, a princess of a fallen nation, stands up in order to save the world.
 Spring marks the start of another new school year at a junior high school in Kamakura. A new transfer student, Kyougoku Ryouichi joins the 8th grade. He has a very special proficiency in telepathy and has been ordered by his father to use this ability to scan other people's minds and take over the school.He instantly gains popularity at school from his good looks and charisma and he sets about taking control of the school. As people begin to fall under Ryouichi's spell, he covertly manipulates his followers and pushes aside anyone who gets in his way.With the school almost completely under the control of Ryouichi, only one boy seems unaffected - Seki Kenji. Does Kenji have what it takes to save everyone from the clutches of mind control?
 Hideki, leader of the Nerima Daikon Brothers, has a dream to build a dome in his hometown of Nerima to hold a concert for his band. Together with his cousin, Mako (whom he has a crush on), Ichiro, and Pandaikon (a panda he found in his yard that resembles a daikon), they strive to make money any way they can, and in the process, rid the world of evil-doers and steal their money in the process. With help from a rental guy, Nabeshin, who rents them outrageous items that always seem to help them defeat the bad guys, the Nerima Daikon Brothers sing their way to victory but always manage to lose the money they stole in the end. Even under the investigation of Inspector Karakuri, they never fail to fight for justice the Nerima-Daikon way.
 Hideki, leader of the Nerima Daikon Brothers, has a dream to build a dome in his hometown of Nerima to hold a concert for his band. Together with his cousin, Mako (whom he has a crush on), Ichiro, and Pandaikon (a panda he found in his yard that resembles a daikon), they strive to make money any way they can, and in the process, rid the world of evil-doers and steal their money in the process. With help from a rental guy, Nabeshin, who rents them outrageous items that always seem to help them defeat the bad guys, the Nerima Daikon Brothers sing their way to victory but always manage to lose the money they stole in the end. Even under the investigation of Inspector Karakuri, they never fail to fight for justice the Nerima-Daikon way.
 Yuta is a Japanese boy who hates modern day tecnhology outside of the cell phone. When his mom gets hired at the Dreamland Japan headquarters, he is forced to move. Unbeknown to him is a hidden land called Web World, the land connecting all computers, phones, televisions, and more. Yuta receives a mysterious message on his phone. When he touches the message, he is sent inside his cell phone to the Web World where he meets Web Ghosts Pit, Pat, and Pot, more commonly called PiPoPa.Together Yuta must team up with these Net Ghosts and new friends to save the Web World from the web ghosts themselves and outside forces which wish to use it to take over the entire world.
 Moriko Morioka is a 30-year-old single NEET woman. After dropping out from reality, she has taken off in search for a fulfilling life and ended up in a net game or "netoge." In the netoge world, she began her new life as a refreshing and handsome character named Hayashi. While starting out as a beginner, a pretty character named Lily reached out to help her. Meanwhile, in the real world, awaits a shocking encounter with a good-looking elite company employee, a mysterious blue-eyed blonde.
 Moriko Morioka is a 30-year-old single NEET woman. After dropping out from reality, she has taken off in search for a fulfilling life and ended up in a net game or "netoge." In the netoge world, she began her new life as a refreshing and handsome character named Hayashi. While starting out as a beginner, a pretty character named Lily reached out to help her. Meanwhile, in the real world, awaits a shocking encounter with a good-looking elite company employee, a mysterious blue-eyed blonde.
 An unaired episode included with the BD box set release of the TV series.
 Nishimura Hideki is a young man who once confesses to a person he thinks is a girl online, only to find out that the person is actually a boy. He keeps this story secret and swears he'll never trust a girl online again. However, one day a girl online confesses to him, and it turns out she is actually a beautiful girl named Tamaki Ako. Ako cannot tell the difference between the online world and reality, and she is a loner who has trouble communicating. Hideki and his friends from the guild decide to work together in order to help her.
 Nishimura Hideki is a young man who once confesses to a person he thinks is a girl online, only to find out that the person is actually a boy. He keeps this story secret and swears he'll never trust a girl online again. However, one day a girl online confesses to him, and it turns out she is actually a beautiful girl named Tamaki Ako. Ako cannot tell the difference between the online world and reality, and she is a loner who has trouble communicating. Hideki and his friends from the guild decide to work together in order to help her.
 Yuma and Hotaru have been friends since childhood, so it's only natural that when Yuma is nervous about her new boyfriend, she asks Hotaru for advice. But when Hotaru starts coming onto Yuma for what feels like more than just 'practice,' what does it mean...? With boyfriends in the foreground but a secret, passionate tryst in the background, will Yuma and Hotaru try to forget what happened between them or have they fallen into a trap of true love and betrayal?
 In the follow up to Shirow's classic anime, Al, Leona and their trusty steed, Bonaparte, continue to fight crime in New Port City, alongside the rest of the Tank Police. But a new threat appears in the form of a series of terrorist attacks, using the latest weapons technology. The Tank Police are out-numbered and out-gunned, but Al and Leona set out to discover who or what is behind these attacks. With massive explosions and high-speed chases, Leona often causes more damage than the criminals she pursues.
 Rem is an ordinary woman in our world but, in the world of dreams, she becomes a dream warrior, defending humanity from the evils there. When dream demons reach the waking world, she fights them with the help of her pets which transform into a tiger and wolf.
 Rem is an ordinary woman in our world but, in the world of dreams, she becomes a dream warrior, defending humanity from the evils there. When dream demons reach the waking world, she fights them with the help of her pets which transform into a tiger and wolf.
 In a post-apocalyptic Earth, the water has become entirely toxic, except for some kept safe in a reservoir. A fortified zone has been created by a man named Sanga, he calls it The Lastland. A group of villagers have discovered safe water, and Sanga wants it. He and his band of killers go to kill everyone and steal it. As they do a mysterious man appears out of nowhere, instantly killing some of Sanga's men. His name is Kenshiro, and he can beat any man with his martial art, Hokuto Shin Ken. Sanga will do anything for the water, and Kenshiro will do anything to try and stop him.
 The main character Suzukaze Aoba graduates from high school and joins a game company. The person who made the game that Aoba loved as a grade-schooler just happens to be Aoba's senior at the company. The story follows girls who work and aspire at the Eaglejump company.
 Since childhood, Aoba Suzukaze has loved the Fairies Story game series, particularly the character designs. So when she graduates from high school, it is no surprise that she applies to work at Eagle Jump, the company responsible for making her favorite video game. On her first day, she is excited to learn that she will be working on a new installment to the series
 Mangaka Shoutarou Tokunou announced via his Twitter that an unaired thirteenth episode of New Game! about an open-air bath will be distributed to those who have collected the tickets that are included with all six BD and DVD volumes.
 Second season of New Game.
 Second season of New Game.
 The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers.
 One foggy morning, a black and white Toyota AE86 flies past Keisuke Takahashi's Mazda RX7 on Mount Akina, making him believe he has seen the ghost of a racer who died on the mountain. Resolving to defeat this phantom, Keisuke mobilizes the Akagi Red Suns to take on the local Akina Speed Stars racing team in an exchange race. He anticipates that the competition will lure the elusive "Ghost of Akina" out into the open and give him the opportunity to exact revenge for his previous defeat.While his friend Itsuki Takeuchi is obsessed with cars and racing, Takumi Fujiwara is not. He fails to understand the "rush" that racers experience and any talk of cars reminds him of the tofu deliveries he makes for his father in an old AE86. His early morning routine takes him up and down Mount Akina, where he has memorized every hairpin, brake point, and turn better than anyone else.When the Akagi team appears one night to challenge the Speed Stars to an exchange race, they accept the challenge only to find out that they are completely outclassed. The only way the Speed Stars can stand a chance against them is if they can get the panda-colored AE86 to join their team. With a bit of coercion, Takumi takes the wheel of the AE86 and heads off to Mount Akina to defend the pride of all racers in Akina.
 The second movie in a trilogy.
 The third and final movie in a trilogy.
 After spending his summer racing against some of the best racers in Gunma, Takumi Fujiwara receives a formal challenge from the leader of the Akagi Red Suns, Ryousuke Takahashi. Despite his initial reluctance to get into the hobby, Takumi cannot help but feel excited to go up against the former "White Comet of Akagi." In preparation for the battle, Ryousuke downgrades his car, putting his pride and racing career at stake.With the title of the fastest racer in all of Gunma on the line, will Takumi and his panda-colored Toyota AE86 be able to defeat Ryousuke's Mazda RX-7 FC?
 Special included in the second of two remastered Gundam Wing Blu-ray boxes based on the novel series Gundam Wing Frozen Teardrop
 The children of the Avengers hone their powers and go head to head with the very enemy responsible for their parents' demise.
 Earth started space colonization by creating the Next Colonies. Next later rebelled, and created the Next Government. The rebellion became a war, and the multi-purpose Metal Vehicles, MVs for short, were changed for battle purposes. Meanwhile, Terra, an Earth Rebellion force, started creating more trouble for Earth. Now, a mysterious MV-like being, S.A.C ("S" for short), is loose, and Next wants it so that they can win the war. Terra's psychic leader, Hal, has been sensing "S", and wants to know more about the power it has. The future of these three groups will be up to a bunch of outlaws who live on the abandoned Next 7 colony, though no one knows that yet...

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Lamune is an ordinary 4th grade boy who loves playing video games. He buys one from a peddler girl and helps her sell the rest. At home, he plays the game called "King Sccasher" & beats it. The peddler girl then comes out of the TV screen and asks for his help, calling him "The Blood Relative of the Chosen Hero Lamuness". She is Princess Milk and takes him to Hara-Hara World where his role is to revive the Guardian Knights. To do this, he had to find an unlock the shrine which held Tama-Q, a robot who became Lamuness' Advisor Robot, and key to freeing the Guardian Knights. All of the Knights are free-thinking mechas except for King Sccasher which is piloted by Lamuness. Opposing Lamuness is Don Harumage and his minions Da Cider and Lesuka.
 Lamune and Da Cider head off to Puff-Puff Palace to rescue two beautiful barely clothed maidens, Gold Mountain and Silver Mountain- the Mountain Duo. This of course infuriates Milk and Leska, who with a rather confused and unwilling Cocoa "transform" into "Seinaru Milky", "Seinaru Cacao", and "Seinaru Lemon". The three then head after their would-be boyfriends to extract their revenge.
 Lamune has returned to Earth with no memory of his adventures on Hara-Hara world and Doki-Doki space. The remains of Gobuhriki find their way to Earth, and awaken the spirit of Don Harumage. While Cocoa builds a fighting vehicle with stuff she finds around Tokyo, Milk and Leska set off to find Lamune and Da Cider to save the day before the new Gobuhriki is revived and destroys the Earth.
 High schooler Yuu and his friend Haru get involved in a case involving his childhood friend Kotona, which forces them to go back and forth between another world that is different but is somewhat similar to their world, Ni no Kuni. The real world and Ni no Kuni, when Kotona's life is in danger, what's the ultimate choice the three of them have to make in Ni no Kuni?
 This is a world that only the strongest gets to rule. The ancient alchemy is about to rip a hole in the universe while the flaming sword of heaven is going to put an end to the cycle of lives. Rulers of thousands of realms are killed by one that has the bloodline of Titan. Qin Nan, the chosen one, who has cultivated an invincible martial art, has embarked on the road to eternity by defeating countless geniuses and dominating the heavens!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by addin
 While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot’s arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn’t study for.
 While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for.
 While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for.
 In the 21st century, aliens have arrived on Earth and live among humans. In sleepy Enohana, the dirt-poor student Chigasaki Mayuko finds herself living together with NieA, a low-caste ("Under Seven") alien. While Mayuko struggles diligently to make ends meet, NieA seems to be totally unconcerned with the consequences of her actions. As the odd couple throws off the expected sparks, the wrecked alien mothership looms in the background...
 In the 21st century, aliens have arrived on Earth and live among humans. In sleepy Enohana, the dirt-poor student Chigasaki Mayuko finds herself living together with NieA, a low-caste ("Under Seven") alien. While Mayuko struggles diligently to make ends meet, NieA seems to be totally unconcerned with the consequences of her actions. As the odd couple throws off the expected sparks, the wrecked alien mothership looms in the background...
 Saliphie is the 99th female human sacrifice to be eaten for the King of the Beast and Demons, but despite that she is not in the least afraid since she has never had a family nor a home to lose, so she takes a positive attitude and no longer worries about being eaten.The King finds her amusing and lets her stay by his side until the time of her death. This leads her to find out the truth about the King of the Beast and Demons, and she ends up as the King's Consort despite being a female human. This leads other beasts and demons to be mad, but the king being powerful enough they shut up.This is how Saliphie turns to be the first human queen of the demons and beasts.
 Everything that lives is designed to end.
 0
 In a post-apocalyptic world overrun by alien-crafted "Machine Lifeforms," humanity is preparing for its last stand. Forced to retreat to the Moon for safety, humans are pinning their hopes on a group of man-made androids known as YoRHa soldiers. Led by the all-purpose battle android YoRHa 2-gou B-gata "2B," the group will fight to take control of the Earth back from its invaders.As war against the machines rages on, the YoRHa slowly begin to see the first shards of truth underlying the brutal conflict. Facing the harsh reality before her, the unwavering warrior 2B starts to question her very existence and just how much she must sacrifice for the sake of humanity.
 Eight-year-old Tokiyuki Houjou, the next successor of the Kamakura shogunate, is a young boy lacking talent in everything besides hide-and-seek. One day, his carefree life is abruptly turned upside down when Takauji Ashikaga brutally seizes power from the Kamakuras, ending their reign. Rescued by a self-proclaimed prophetic priest, Tokiyuki manages to escape with his life. Now he must evade those trying to kill him while recruiting comrades who can help him restore the Kamakura Shogunate to its former glory.Set during the Nanboku-chou period of Japanese history, Nige Jouzu no Wakagimi is a tale of redemption, documenting the life of the forgotten hero that altered Japan's destiny by running away.
 The story follows the Kirihara brothers who from a young age were incarcerated in a secure scientific facility due to their supernatural powers, having escaped after the barrier that was preventing them malfunctions. The story also follows the Kuroki brothers who are trying to chase the Kirihara brothers.
 Based on a short story by the popular children's writer Kenji Miyazawa, Galactic Railroad offers viewers a slow-paced, dreamlike journey through space and time. When Giovanni, a lonely boy in a hill town, goes to get milk for his ailing mother, he finds himself crossing the Milky Way on a faster-than-light steam railroad. The stations he visits in various constellations, like the planets explored by St. Exupery's Little Prince, offer curious adventures and an assortment of human "types." Reality and fantasy blur aboard the train, and its travels across the light-years sometimes suggests the journey through life. The characters are depicted as cats, presumably to avoid the problems of animating humans.
 The year is 1931. The city is Shanghai. Ten years before America will enter World War II, the hydra's teeth planted by the first great global conflict are beginning to germinate. Hatching like spiders, they weave the complex web of plots and conspiracies destined to inevitably draw entire nations to the brink of destruction. Caught in the heart of these webs, desperately seeking to separate lies from truth, is "Sakurai Kikan," an ultra-secret intelligence agency staffed by extraordinarily talented individuals with abilities far beyond those of normal humans. Their duty
 Night Wizard. A term given to those whose mission is to protect the world from impending darkness. Renji Hiiragi is one such Night Wizard, who is constantly called on missions, even though all he wants is to be able to go to school and graduate. However, his latest order was to protect Elis Shiho, who is a new transfer student at his academy. Being dragged into the Astronomy Club by Renji’s childhood friend, Kureha Akabane on her first day at school, Elis soon realises that she too, has the power to become a night wizard, after possessing one of seven secret Jewels, the Jewel of Kindness. Along with Renji and Kureha, Elis now begins her fight and her new life, as a Night Wizard
 Shido Tatsuhiko is not only a private eye . . . he is also a vampire with no real memory of his past.Joined by Yayoi Matsunaga,a female goverment agent,Riho Yamazaki,an orphaned teenage girl working as his girl friday and Guni,a little green imp,Shido must face demonic creatures known as Nightbreed. Meanwhile, Cain, the vampire who made him what he is now,is seeking him . .
 Shido Tatsuhiko is not only a private eye... he is also a vampire with no real memory of his past. Joined by Yayoi Matsunaga, a female government agent, Riho Yamazaki, an orphaned teenage girl working as his girl Friday and Guni, a little green imp, Shido must face demonic creatures known as Nightbreed. Meanwhile, Cain, the vampire who made him what he is now, is seeking him...

 The rare anime biography of Princess Diana from her birth to her early teen years.
 The series details the lives of four main characters named Natsuki, Tomoya, Keiichi, and Tsuyoshi. They spend their days trying to have fun by finishing their studies and debating about romance. Natsuki, one of the main characters, has a crush on a girl named Anna at school, while others often get involved in their relationship.
 The series details the lives of four main characters named Natsuki, Tomoya, Keiichi, and Tsuyoshi. They spend their days trying to have fun by finishing their studies and debating about romance. Natsuki, one of the main characters, has a crush on a girl named Anna at school, while others often get involved in their relationship.
 The beautiful and tall Kohinata Nijika, a 6th grade kid who doesn't look her age and daughter of an office chief of a TV station, avoids the entertainment world since her mom, a legendary actress, died from a sickness. Hiding the truth about her family, Nijika keeps another secret. The fact that she's living with the prince-like actor, Ichinose Touya, may create a ruckus if it is discovered.Running for another errand, Nijika, together with her pet Kapitama-kun, coincidentally run into a drama set that's lacking an actress due to food poisoning. She volunteers for the role and...
 Short anime based on the 4-koma series illustrating the daily lives of the Nijigasaki High School Idol Club’s members.
 Chiko, who had been leading a lonely life because of her parents death. Together with the Phantom Thief Nij?-Mens? (20-Faces), she sets out on a journey into the real world. She gradually changes as she encounters new friends and places. But strange events start happening revolving around the mystery of “Legacy of the 20-Faces”. So Chiko has to move forward, regardless on how checkered her life will become.
 The story takes place in the summer of 1907, the 40th year of the Meiji era. 15-year-old Inako Momokawa lives in the Fushimi area of Kyoto, and is the second daughter of a sake brewer. Nothing she does ever comes out right, and she receives a scolding from her father every day. Her only relief is the trust she places in her prayers to the gods. One day while at Fushimi Inari shrine, she meets a freewheeling young man named Kihachi Sakamoto. He rejects the gods, and boasts of the incoming age of electricity.The topic of marriage suddenly comes up in Inako's household. Her father is one-sidedly making all the decisions for her, and Inako is about to give up hope. It is then that Kihachi draws out Inako's true feelings of wanting to run away from her family. The only way to stop her marriage is to find an unusual book called the "Electricity Catalog." The book is a prediction book about electricity that Kihachi wrote when he was a child, but his older brother Seiroku took the book, and its current whereabouts are unknown. Inako and Kihachi together go in search of the book across Kyoto and Shiga prefectures.
 The Taishou era didn't end in 15 years, but went on for another 25. In order to protect her waning family, a girl resolves to marry a man she doesn't even know the name of. However, just before the marriage was to take place, the girl's younger brother mysteriously committed suicide by self-immolation and was found holding an old book in his hands. Appearing before the bewildered young girl was the "Imperial Library Intelligence Asset Management Bureau," more commonly referred to as "Fukurou." According to these men, there exists "Maremono," which are books that greatly affect their readers. On top of that, ever since the incident involving the girl's younger brother, she unwittingly gains the ability to see "Auras" (the sentiments of the Maremono which manifest as bright lights and are usually invisible to humans). It was as though fate were trying to drag the young girl in its flames. And then, even though apprehensive, the girl chooses to venture outside her bird cage. Jealousy, hatred, scorn, compassion, and love. What awaited the girl was the darkness of betrayal that had already begun to bewitchingly inlay the imperial capital. Toyed by and swayed within that darkness, will the young girl finally reach the truth after her struggles, or...?
 Nils Holgersson is a young boy on a farm who is cruel to the animals. But when he catches the farm's little goblin it becomes one prank too many. He is magically shrunk and suddenly the farm animals are out for revenge. He flees on the back of the goose Morten and they join up with a flock of wild geese. Together they travel all over Sweden, with Nils hoping to find a way to become big again.
 Second part of the Nine TV movies.
 Three thousand years ago, Jiang Chen became a god and became a god, but he fell unexpectedly. Three thousand years later, a mysterious light descended from the sky, and the statue collapsed. Jiang Chen and his disciples rose up from the ruins, not afraid of power, fighting the sky and the earth, starting to redeem themselves, and sending out the most domineering words.


 Last part of the Nine TV movies.
 Cinema adaption of the manga by Mitsuru Adachi.
 Nick used to be a member of a veteran adventurer party, helping his undisciplined friends with the accounts whenever he could. But what was his reward? Getting accused of embezzlement and kicked out by the leader he respected. Before long, he finds a few other jaded adventurers and kindred spirits, and together, they form their own unstoppable party!
 Nick used to be a member of a veteran adventurer party, helping his undisciplined friends with the accounts whenever he could. But what was his reward? Getting accused of embezzlement and kicked out by the leader he respected. Before long, he finds a few other jaded adventurers and kindred spirits, and together, they form their own unstoppable party!
 Marina is a mermaid who is in love with Prince Justin, a human prince from a kingdom on the shore. Marina saves Justin when he almost drowns after a chase from a giant Cyclops and a shipwreck attack from a three-headed sea serpent. She then makes a deal with Hedwig the sea witch to become human temporarily to try to win Justin's love. Justin and Marina become close but Justin thinks that Princess Cecily, a human princess, was the one who saved him from drowning and therefore he gets engaged to her. Justin eventually remembers that Marina was the one who saved his life but by then Marina becomes a mermaid again. The two continue to secretly meet and try to find a way to be together while dealing with Hedwig's plans to take over the kingdom, and Cecily's attempts to get Justin to marry her. Marina and Justin are aided by their underwater friends, Winnie the seahorse, Bobo the tropical fish, and Ridley the sea otter. They are also aided by the wizard Anselm and by Chauncey, Justin's page.
 Set in modern-day Tokyo where dreams and desires are afloat, a group of ninjas called "Toukeshuu" is set to stop the spread of "darkness" that prevails in the world using ancient techniques passed down through generations.
 A long time ago, there was a war between the Evil God and the Dragon God. The war finally came to an end when a Dragon Ninja, who had the power of the Dragon God, sealed away the Evil God.Several thousand years later, in New York, a young ninja named Ryu is attacked by a couple of men in black suits wearing white masks. He notices that they are related to someone worshiping the same Evil God of the past and resolves to fight against them before the Evil God is unsealed again.
 The everyday Sanyo family gets an unexpected surprise in the shape of a new lodger-Hattori is a ninja boy who has come down from the Iga mountains to attend normal school. Befriending Kenichi Sanyo, who is the same age as he, Hattori starts attending school undercover, occasionally accompanied by his brother, Shinzo, Shishimaru the ninja dog, and Kenichi's girlfriend, Yumeko. The gang is also threatened by the rival Koga ninja, Kemumaki, and his evil sidekick, Kagechiyo the Shadow-cat.
 The everyday Sanyo family gets an unexpected surprise in the shape of a new lodger-Hattori is a ninja boy who has come down from the Iga mountains to attend normal school. Befriending Kenichi Sanyo, who is the same age as he, Hattori starts attending school undercover, occasionally accompanied by his brother, Shinzo, Shishimaru the ninja dog, and Kenichi's girlfriend, Yumeko. The gang is also threatened by the rival Koga ninja, Kemumaki, and his evil sidekick, Kagechiyo the Shadow-cat.
 During Japan's feudal era, there was a war between two ninja clans
 During Japan's feudal era, there was a war between two ninja clans
 Shinobu is a naive ninja-in-training. In order to test her ninja abilites, she must steal the panties of all the high school girls. The first house she stops at is the abode of one Kaede Shiranui, who happens to catch Shinobu in the act. Kaeda is the voice of reason and the two girls become quick friends, despite a round yellow ball-thing who claims to be a ninja master and tries to get in the way of their friendship.
 Kaede is a normal school girl who was studying for her exams for school when suddenly she is interrupted by Shinobu, a girl who is a ninja-in-training, attempting to complete her exam. The problem is, in order for her to successfully complete her exam, she must steal one of Kaede's panties!In Kaede's attempt to stop Shinobu from stealing her panties, an unexpected friendship is forged between the two. Kaede soon becomes engrossed in Shinobu's world, surrounded by partying ninjas and a yellow pac-man like thing by the name of Onsokumaru, who claims to be the master of all ninjas!
 Ninja Resurrection follows the adventures of a young Jubei Yugyu on special assignment to the General of the Toyotomi clan. The volume begins with the introduction of Christianity in feudal Japan and how a young boy becomes the next Saviour. After being ousted for his religion, he continues to deliver his teachings to the world and eventually builds up a large following. Religious wars and persecution follow. Thus enters Jubei and his small group - sent to assassinate him since he is safely tucked away behind his fortress.
 Ninja Senshi Tobikage tells the story of a boy named Joe Maya. One day, Joe, who lives on Mars, witnesses a battle between aliens. Those from Planet Zaboom are attacking the princess of Planet Radorio, she has escaped from the emperor of Zaboom who is scheming to conquer the universe and has crash landed on mars. Joe stumbles aboard the princesses ship, this starts a chain reaction of events that will alter their lives. Joe and his friends wield three powerful mecha beasts against the emperor of Zaboom and his forces, but the odds are stacked heavily against them. When all hope seems to be lost a mysterious ninja robot named Tobikage appears as if from nowhere to provide assitance, able to combine with the 3 mechanical beasts provides Tobikage with unmatched power, with his aide Joe fights the forces of Zaboom...
 Jubei Kibagami wanders feudal Japan as an itinerant swordsman-for-hire. After a past betrayal left him masterless, he has no more patience for warring political factions and their schemes. Unfortunately, both past and political intrigue collide when he meets and saves a female ninja named Kagero from a man with the ability to make his body as hard as stone.The sole survivor of a ninja clan, Kagero continues her team's last mission
 Ninja Senshi Tobikage tells the story of a boy named Joe Maya. One day, Joe, who lives on Mars, witnesses a battle between aliens. Those from Planet Zaboom are attacking the princess of Planet Radorio, she has escaped from the emperor of Zaboom who is scheming to conquer the universe and has crash landed on mars.Joe stumbles aboard the princesses ship, this starts a chain reaction of events that will alter their lives. Joe and his friends wield three powerful mecha beasts against the emperor of Zaboom and his forces, but the odds are stacked heavily against them. When all hope seems to be lost a mysterious ninja robot named Tobikage appears as if from nowhere to provide assitance, able to combine with the 3 mechanical beasts provides Tobikage with unmatched power, with his aide Joe fights the forces of Zaboom...
 Ninja... Ninja were... merciless demi-gods, ruling Japan with their karate in the age of ninja tranquillity. But, "some" committed a forbidden form of hara-kiri storing their souls at Kinkaku Temple for future resurrection. Their lost history was falsified and concealed and the truth about these ninja was long forgotten. Now, in the future where the universalization of cybernetic technology and electronic networks are God, suddenly, sinister ninja souls, resurrected from thousands of years past are unleashed on the dark shadows of Neo-Saitama. Fujikido Kenji, is a salaryman whose wife and child were killed in a ninja turf war. In a brush with his own death, Fujikido is possessed by an enigmatic ninja soul. Fujikido cheats death and becomes Ninja Slayer. A Grim Reaper destined to kill evil ninja, committed to a personal war of vengeance. Set in the dystopian underworld of Neo-Saitama, Ninja Slayer takes on Soukai Syndicate ninjas in mortal combat.
 Ninja... Ninja were... merciless demi-gods, ruling Japan with their karate in the age of ninja tranquillity. But, "some" committed a forbidden form of hara-kiri storing their souls at Kinkaku Temple for future resurrection. Their lost history was falsified and concealed and the truth about these ninja was long forgotten. Now, in the future where the universalization of cybernetic technology and electronic networks are God, suddenly, sinister ninja souls, resurrected from thousands of years past are unleashed on the dark shadows of Neo-Saitama. Fujikido Kenji, is a salaryman whose wife and child were killed in a ninja turf war. In a brush with his own death, Fujikido is possessed by an enigmatic ninja soul. Fujikido cheats death and becomes Ninja Slayer. A Grim Reaper destined to kill evil ninja, committed to a personal war of vengeance. Set in the dystopian underworld of Neo-Saitama, Ninja Slayer takes on Soukai Syndicate ninjas in mortal combat.
 The year is 20XX. The ninja, who once forged the history of Japan, were scattered across the country during the Meiji Restoration. As these ninja mingled with the other clans, their bloodline thinned, and they gradually faded from sight. The descendants of these ninja clans, seeking to preserve their heritage, formed the WNA (World Ninja Association) in the hope of carrying on their legacy. And so it was that the WNA succeeded in developing Ninja-Gum, an art which could summon forth the strength of the Shinobi. And yet creating the most powerful Ninja-Gum requires the strongest of ninja DNA. So it was that the Ninjala Tournament was held, that the mightiest of all ninjas could be found...

 Eagle City, Komerica -- WNA Research Laboratory BranchWNA researchers Burton, Berecca, and Ron continue their tireless efforts to develop "Ninja-Gum"; a mysterious substance that activates latent Ninja DNA in people descended from those legendary mercenary warriors (alt
 In the war, a group of warriors called Ninku fought against the Imperial Army and almost anihilated it. But in the end, the Ninku lost and got shattered. After the war, the imperial army established themselves as the defender of the people with the help of propaganda. They also managed to get the people to think the Ninku were the villains and had started the war. Fusuke looks like a child but he is the former captain of the first Ninku division. His mother was taken during the war and after the Ninku were defeated, he goes on a journey to find her. On his journey he meets Aicho and Touji, both also former Ninku captains, and together they fight against the imperial army that tries to kill the last remaining Ninkus.   The ninku is a clan of extinct ninjas who command esoteric and powerful techniques, hence a lot of other groups are constantly trying to steal their techniques to take over the country. Their primary target is Fusuke, a weird looking kid but one of the most powerful Ninku ninja. Fusuke, together with other Ninku ninja with different specialties must fight those threat that caused the downfall of the Ninku clan.
 This was shown as part of the "Jump Super Anime Tour" of October 1994, prior to the Ninku TV series.
 Manmaru goes to ninja school at Nenga, where foxes and raccoons study the art of assassination under a bear ninja master. He is soon thrown in to local rivalry between the Nenga school, the Koga (monkeys), and the Iga (dogs), as well as facing temptations from the Dobe, a group of dropouts from the Nenga.
 Music video bundled with the limited edition of the Noragami Aragoto ED single.
 Raku Ichijou is an average high school student. He also happens to be the sole heir to the head of a Yakuza Family called the Shuei-gumi. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise... a secret promise with a girl he met. They promised one another that they will "get married when they reunite". Since then, Raku never let go of the pendant the girl gave him.Then one day, a beautiful girl named Chitoge Kirisaki transfers into Raku's class. Their chemistry was more than off. There was not a moment where they were not fighting. But by a weird turn of events, Raku and Chitoge agree to become fake lovers. Although his heart is really interested in his classmate Kosaki Onodera, Raku must continue pretending to be Chitoge's boyfriend.

 Second season of the Nisekoi series.
 Bundled with the 21st volume of the Nisekoi manga.
 On Filiel's 15th birthday, she received her mother's necklace as a memento from her obstinate astronomer father. Her common and tedious life was turned into a life of conspiracies. With her new life, many adventures await.
 At a young age, Nitaroh is stricken with an illness that leaves him blind. He inherits the shamisen guitar once used by his mother and is taught its basics by a blind travelling shamisen player. In time with the help of friends old and new, he walks the paths that leads to his ultimate fate - that of founder of the Tsugaru style of shamisen play.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a
 The story of No Game, No Life centers around Sora and Shiro, a brother and sister whose reputations as brilliant NEET (Not in Education, Employment, or Training) hikikomori (shut-in) gamers have spawned urban legends all over the Internet. These two gamers even consider the real world as just another "crappy game." One day, they are summoned by a boy named "God" to an alternate world. There, God has prohibited war and declared this to be a world where "everything is decided by games" - even national borders. Humanity has been driven back into one remaining city by the other races. Will Sora and Shiro, the good-for-nothing brother and sister, become the "Saviors of Humanity" on this alternate world? "Well, let's start playing."
 Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 Six thousand years before Sora and Shiro were even a blink in the history of Disboard, war consumed the land, tearing apart the heavens, destroying stars, and even threatening to wipe out the human race. Amid the chaos and destruction, a young man named Riku leads humanity toward the tomorrow his heart believed in. One day, in the ruins of an Elf city, he meets Shuvi, a female exiled "Ex-machina" android who asks him to teach her what it means to have a human heart.
 Six thousand years before Sora and Shiro were even a blink in the history of Disboard, war consumed the land, tearing apart the heavens, destroying the stars, and threatening to wipe out the human race. Amid the chaos and destruction, a young man named Riku leads humanity toward the tomorrow his heart believed in. One day, in the ruins of an Elf city, he meets Schwi, an exiled female "Ex-machina" android who asks him to teach her what it means to have a human heart.
 Second half of No Guns Life.
 Second half of No Guns Life.
 30th Doraemon movie.Original script by Shinpo Yuuichi (Doraemon Movie 2007, 2009).Directed by Kusuba Kouzou (Doraemon Movie 2006, 2008, 2009).
 Nobita is very depressed. He thinks that he will not be able to marry. So Doraemon bring him to the future to see his own marriage.
 820 years ago, Mujaka, the lord of werewolves finally visits Laiser after a long journey. But the werewolf Maduk interferes in a war of human plotting some scheme. Laiser and Mujaka fall into a hand of tragic destiny, fighting with each other desperately leaving their friendship behind.
 820 years ago, Mujaka, the lord of werewolves finally visits Raizel after a long journey. But the werewolf Maduk interferes in a war of human plotting some scheme. Raizel and Mujaka fall into a hand of tragic destiny, fighting with each other desperately leaving their friendship behind.
 Due to some unlikely events, Saburou is flung back in time to the Sengoku Era. In the past, he meets a young, but sickly Oda Nobunaga, one of Japan's greatest warlords. Unable to shake Saburou's uncanny resemblance to himself, Nobunaga asks Saburou to take his place as warlord. Equipped with knowledge from the modern era, will Saburou be able to unite Japan?
 Chidori is a little ninja girl living in Japan's Warring States Period. One day, Oda Nobunaga rescued her from drowning in a river. Since that day, Chidori knew she wanted to serve Nobunaga. Five years later, she and Sukezou (who likes her) head out from their ninja village, determined to serve Oda Nobunaga!
 It depicts the history-making Battle of Anegawa, in which Oda Nobunaga and Tokugawa Ieyasu's forces fought Azai and Asakura's forces.
 Second season of Nobunaga no Shinobi.
 Two planets, one to the East and another to the West, were once bound together by a chain called the Dragon Stream. But now, that chain is broken and the two halves are only joined in war.Nobunaga the Fool is heir to the Eastern Country of Owari. Regarded as too foolish and carefree by many, including his friends, Nobunaga is thought to be a nuisance even by his father.A girl from the West named Jeanne Kaguya d'Arc has visions of a "Savior-King." She is accompanied by Leonardo da Vinci as she journeys to the Eastern Planet in search of the person in her visions.Leonardo and Jeanne quickly fall victim to a military confrontation between powerful mecha, only to be saved by Nobunaga. Nobunaga takes control of Leonardo's mecha, intending to warn his family of the siege he suspects. Jeanne suspects that the lackadaisical Nobunaga might be the Savior-King she's envisioned.
 Shio Ogura is a Japanese high school student, who is visiting Taiwan on a school trip when she is suddenly attacked by monsters. Agents known as “E-Gene Holders” from the government agency DOGOO also arrive, who wield weapons infused with the spirits of historical figures. Shio is revealed to also be an E-Gene Holder when the soul of Oda Nobunaga awakens after she tries to rescue a friend.
 Shio Ogura is a Japanese high school student, who is visiting Taiwan on a school trip when she is suddenly attacked by monsters. Agents known as "E-Gene Holders" from the government agency DOGOO also arrive, who wield weapons infused with the spirits of historical figures. Shio is revealed to also be an E-Gene Holder when the soul of Oda Nobunaga awakens after she tries to rescue a friend.
 At a top music academy in Japan, Shinichi Chiaki’s arrogance is matched only by his top-notch piano playing. But when Chiaki and the teacher get into a fight, he’s demoted to the reject class. Chiaki is left to pursue his dream of being a conductor while surrounded by a bunch of loser musicians and one annoying girl, Noda, who has proclaimed herself Chiaki’s girlfriend. It doesn’t help that Noda, who insists on being called Nodame, lives right next door to him.
 At a top music academy in Japan, Shinichi Chiaki is a talented pianist. When sent to a low class after an argument with a teacher, he meets a girl, Noda, who moves in next to him. When they are given the chance to study at Paris, Noda goes with Chiaki to Europe, as he strives to fulfill his dream of being a conductor.
 At a top music academy in Japan, Shinichi Chiaki’s arrogance is matched only by his top-notch piano playing. But when Chiaki and the teacher get into a fight, he’s demoted to the reject class. Chiaki is left to pursue his dream of being a conductor while surrounded by a bunch of loser musicians and one annoying girl, Noda, who has proclaimed herself Chiaki’s girlfriend. It doesn’t help that Noda, who insists on being called Nodame, lives right next door to him.
 Having been given the opportunity to study at Paris, Noda accompanies Chiaki to Europe as he strives to become the accomplished conductor he always dreamt to be.
 In the near future, a violent battle takes place between the dimension La'cryma (protector of humanity) and the dimension Shangri-La, bent on the annihilation of all space-time. A group known as the Dragon Calvary is dispatched through space and time, searching for the only thing that can stop the invasion
 In the near future, a violent battle takes place between the dimension La'cryma (protector of humanity) and the dimension Shangri-La, bent on the annihilation of all space-time. A group known as the Dragon Calvary is dispatched through space and time, searching for the only thing that can stop the invasion
 Second season of Megalo Box.
 Megalo Box is an advanced form of boxing where competitors wear metal frames called Gear. When the first ever Megalonia tournament took place, "Gearless" Joe became its champion and known to all as a legendary fighter. However, soon after, he lost an exhibition match against the second champion and vanished from the public eye.Seven years later, Joe now goes by "Nomad" and keeps a low profile, occasionally fighting in a few underground matches to get by. He is haunted by hallucinations and relies on a set of painkillers to numb his mind.During a match, Joe wins against an opponent, Chief, who purposefully loses for some extra cash from gamblers. Subsequently, Joe discovers that Chief is from a community of immigrants called the Casa. Chief is gradually trying to make enough money to purchase the land where they live illegally. At first, Joe hesitates to get involved, but eventually decides to lend the Casa a helping hand.
 Asahioka Branch School, a combined elementary and middle school in an isolated village, has only five students total, four girls and one boy. The girls are best friends, and pass the season with traditional activities like harvesting mountain herbs and fishing.
 Summer vacation is drawing to an end. When Suguru wins a free trip to Okinawa, all of the five students of Asahigaoka branch school are excited to end their vacation with a bang. Along with Hikage, Konomi, and their teacher and the candy store owner, everyone goes to Okinawa for a fun three-day trip. There, Natsumi makes friends with Aoi, the girl who helps out at the hotel they stay in.
 Third season of Non Non Biyori.
 Shipped with special edition of Atto's spin-off manga Non Non Biyori Remember, the OVA serves as the 13th episode of third anime season Non Non Biyori Nonstop.
 OVA bundled with the 7th manga volume.
 Second season of Non Non Biyori.
 An OVA bundled with the tenth manga volume.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Nora Handa is a boy who lives with Shachi Yuuri, who was adopted by his mother. With everyone supporting, the two of them grew up healthily even after their parents passed away. Shachi, who likes Nora the most, wakes him up every morning.Nora spends his happy student life with Michi Kuroki, who is a disciplinary committee, honor student at school and childhood friend of the main character, Yuuki Asuhara, who is a gal but is very bright and can talk his worries to, and more friends at school.One day, Nora meets a girl who calls herself Patricia at the park on the way to the school. Patricia is a queen at hell, and claims to come here to destroy the life on land. However, she is damaged heavily because she touched the life for the first time. The energy was stronger than her, so Nora needed to tend her. Patricia asked him to tell her about the mysteries of life, and he had to even explain the ero book that he found at the park...?!
 In times of need, if you look in the right place, you just may see a strange telephone number scrawled in red. If you call this number, you will hear a young man introduce himself as the Yato God.Yato is a minor deity and a self-proclaimed "Delivery God," who dreams of having millions of worshippers. Without a single shrine dedicated to his name, however, his goals are far from being realized. He spends his days doing odd jobs for five yen apiece, until his weapon partner becomes fed up with her useless master and deserts him.Just as things seem to be looking grim for the god, his fortune changes when a middle school girl, Hiyori Iki, supposedly saves Yato from a car accident, taking the hit for him. Remarkably, she survives, but the event has caused her soul to become loose and hence able to leave her body. Hiyori demands that Yato return her to normal, but upon learning that he needs a new partner to do so, reluctantly agrees to help him find one. And with Hiyori's help, Yato's luck may finally be turning around.
 In the second season of Noragami the main focus is on Bishamon, god of combat. She has many shinki due to her being unable to abandon spirits attacked by Ayakashi. She has a large group of shinki with her as leader, causing her trouble as she sometimes cannot tend to all of them properly, especially when one of them gets sick or is in pain. She has a strong hate for Yato, as a dark past binds the two of them. How will the horrifying events dated hundreds of years ago in combination with current evil happenings affect Yato and Yukine?
 Yato and Yukine have finally mended their relationship as god and Regalia, and everyone has returned to their daily life. Yato remains a minor and unknown deity who continues taking odd jobs for five yen apiece in the hopes of one day having millions of worshippers and his own grand shrine. Hiyori Iki has yet to have her loose soul fixed by Yato, but she enjoys life and prepares to attend high school nonetheless.Taking place immediately after the first season, Noragami Aragoto delves into the complicated past between Yato and the god of war Bishamon. The female god holds a mysterious grudge against Yato, which often results in violent clashes between them. It doesn't help that Bishamon's most trusted and beloved Regalia, Kazuma, appears to be indebted to Yato. When lives are on the line, unraveling these mysteries and others may be the only way to correct past mistakes.
 Bundled with the limited editions of the 15th and 16th volumes of the manga.15th volume DVD is planned to be released on November 17, 2015. It will adapt the Nijikan no Teikei ni So Koto (Following A Stereotypical Two Hours) story from the first volume of the Noragami
 The 10th and 11th volumes of the manga will be bundled with a DVD. The 11th volume's description reads that the DVD will adapt "that popular cherry blossom-viewing arc!"
 The story takes place a little in the future. Guided by one particular song, young elementary school student Suzuhara Sorata, from the Heisei Era, is warped through a time skip to an unfamiliar place that looks much like the towns from the Meiji or Taishou period from his textbooks. In this world, he meets three young ladies and nine young men and joins them on a journey aboard the mysterious Norn ship, a giant globe that floats in midair.
 Al Wayne, a young man who aims to be a top-notch farmer, has refined his farming skills and finally reached the MAX level. However, once he achieved the pinnacle of farming skills, for some reason his life began to take a drastic direction.
 Jan 11, 2014 When the national idol Kusakabe Yuka suddenly retired from the entertainment business, it shocked the world and it devastated teenager Hata Kosaku. Kosaku was Yuka’s biggest fan and her departure left him depressed. His classmates at the Tamo Agriculture School finally are able to get him to leave his room and attend his class,but to everyone’s amazement, Kusakabe Yuka (her stage name) comes into the class under the name Kinoshita Ringo as a transfer student. Kosaku realizes he has the once in a lifetime opportunity to get to personally know his dream girl and, together with his
 Shu is a typical Japanese boy, but has an unbeatable, optimistic and determined attitude. However, when he sees a mysterious girl with strange eyes named Lala-Ru up on a smokestack, he is soon pulled into a strange desert world. Shu soon discovers the true terrors of war, which includes genocide, brutal torture, hunger, thirst, and child explotation. Now Shu is trying to save Lala-Ru, as well as his hard earned, and often relunctant, new friends from the insane dictator, Hamdo. Whether Shu can possibly accomplish saving those he cares about while still holding up to his values remains to be seen.
 Suga Kimio finds himself hiding in the girls locker room, unable to move or escape the situation as the girls in his school crowd in. Although he originally had no ulterior motives, he found himself panicking as he heard the girls coming in and hid in a locker. Komine Nozomi, one of the shy girls in his class finds him, but surprisingly covers for him. Perplexed but glad, Kimio goes home. Later that night, he gets a text from Nozomi who happens to live across the way on the same floor of the complex they both live in. She blackmails him into agreeing to show each other's bodies when she texts him. Kimio has to abide by Nozomi's insane demands or risk ruining his school life so they both start their little peep show through each other's windows...
 Kido Tatsuhiko moved to Tokyo to attend an art school and start his new life. In his new room, there's a small hole in the wall. At first he can see nothing through the small hole, but one night, through the peeping hole, he saw a girl named Ikuno Emiru, a perverted voyeur who ropes him into her peeping fetish... But each winds up getting more than they bargained for.
 Join the table with Valkyries this summer for a feast of mouth-watering food and heartwarming memories.
 Second season of Nu Wushen de Canzhuo.
 Second season of Nu Wushen de Canzhuo.
 A healing work about mutual salvation and joint efforts.
 Genius inventor Null tragically loses her older sister Peta in an accident. To get over the grief, Null develops "Peta Robo," a robot with the same characteristics as her late sister. However, the robot is a little different as to what Null expected.
 Extra episode included in the Blu-ray/DVD release.
 Natsusa Yuzuki entered university expecting to be the rugby club's ace, but he can no longer play rugby due to certain circumstances. Ibuki Ueoka is a senior who also quit playing rugby. There is also Yasunari Tsuru, Natsusa's junior who finds him disagreeable. On the other hand, another junior, Yuu Mashiro looks up to Natsusa and follows in his footsteps. Last, there is Seiichirou Shingyouji, Natsusa's childhood best friend. This is an original rugby anime of former teammates who fight together in matches of Kansai's university rugby league.
  Rikuo Nura, is 3 parts human and a quarter Demon, lives in a house of spirits with his grandfather, The current clan head of the Nura youkai. Rikou is set to be the next clan head, despit the fact he dilikes his demon side. He soon come to terms with his demon blood and decides to take his position as young master of the Nura house. However there are those who will certainly not allow it to be easy.
  Rikuo Nura, is 3 parts human and a quarter Demon, lives in a house of spirits with his grandfather, The current clan head of the Nura youkai. Rikou is set to be the next clan head, despit the fact he dilikes his demon side. He soon come to terms with his demon blood and decides to take his position as young master of the Nura house. However there are those who will certainly not allow it to be easy.
 Rikuo Nura doesn't want anything to do with evil youkai, and just wants a normal life. Too bad he's a quarter youkai, and Nurarihyon, his grandfather, is insistent that he takes over as head of the Nura Clan. He's able to keep his supernatural secret life hidden from his classmates, as he can only transform into a youkai at night, for six hours at a time. Unfortunately for him, various youkai factions are out to target both his youkai and human friends, and like it or not, he needs to embrace his youkai side. Life is not easy when you're Nurarihyon's grandson.
  Rikuo Nura, is 3 parts human and a quarter Demon, lives in a house of spirits with his grandfather, The current clan head of the Nura youkai. Rikou is set to be the next clan head, despit the fact he dilikes his demon side. He soon come to terms with his demon blood and decides to take his position as young master of the Nura house. However there are those who will certainly not allow it to be easy.
 At first glance, Nura Rikuo seems like nothing more than a normal middle-schooler. In actual fact, he is grandson of Nurarihyon, master of a youkai clan. Having only recently resolved the hostilities between the Nura Clan and the Shikoku Yokai, Rikuo finds no rest as an ancient enemy of the Nura Clan, Haguromo-Gitsune, resurfaces. After 400 years of inactivity, Haguromo-Gitsune suddenly sweeps through Kyoto with overwhelming power.
 The Evil Forces of Dark Joker are closing in on our planet after having destroyed the beautiful planet of Queen Earth. Now, 10 year old Moriya Ririka, with the help of her childhood friend Seiya and the mysterious Kanon, must transform into the Nurse Angel and find the elusive Flower of Life, the only way to defeat the evil forces. The Flower of Life, that once bloomed all over the Earth, is where no one thought it ever would be. And Ririka must make the hardest decision of her life in order to acquire it and rid the universe of evil once and for all.
 Ungrar, the King of Viruses, has escaped from his prison cell in Vaccine World. Maya, the Goddess of Vaccine World sends Mugimaru down to Earth to find a human to accept the powers of Vaccine World and become the Magical Nurse. He finds the best (and the only willing) person for the job when he meets Komugi Nakahara. Komugi is a playful, lazy, and easily distracted (typical) teenager whose dream is to become a cosplay idol. Balancing her career with the Kiri-Pro Promotion Company and her new job battling Ungrar's loyal henchman, the Magical Maid Koyori, Komugi delights audiences in this parody anime series.
 Ungrar, the King of Viruses, has escaped from his prison cell in Vaccine World. Maya, the Goddess of Vaccine World sends Mugimaru down to Earth to find a human to accept the powers of Vaccine World and become the Magical Nurse. He finds the best (and the only willing) person for the job when he meets Komugi Nakahara. Komugi is a playful, lazy, and easily distracted (typical) teenager whose dream is to become a cosplay idol. Balancing her career with the Kiri-Pro Promotion Company and her new job battling Ungrar's loyal henchman, the Magical Maid Koyori, Komugi delights audiences in this parody anime series.
 Sequel to the first series.
 The new "slapstick" story will depict Komugi-chan and her rivals as they juggle their daily lives as students, idols, and magical girls "with laughter and tears."Komugi Yoshida is a somewhat clumsy second-year middle-school student whose strong point is her spiritedness. She performs as an idol like Kokona Saionji (her classmate and close friend) and Tsubasa Kisaragi (an idol who dresses in male clothing). However, unlike Kokona whose popularity is skyrocketing and Tsubasa with her charisma in male attire, Komugi's only gigs are low-end ones like those at the local shopping district. Still, Komugi has her "dream" as she lives her dual lives as a idol and a middle school girl.One day, a mysterious injured creature named Usa-P appears before Komugi. Komugi gives Usa-P medical treatment, and Usa-P, in consideration of Komugi's kindness, asks if she wants to be a Legendary Girl who can use magical powers.Having become a reluctant Legendary Girl, Komugi battles strange masked figures who suddenly appear! As a newly deemed Magical Nurse, she fights still more waves of masked figures. Meanwhile, a Magical Maid, a Magical Sister, and more also appear to make it a three-way battle!? Can Komugi handle the three roles of middle school girl, idol, and Magical Nurse? And, what lies ahead in these battles and her "dream"...?!
 Yao Ling and Hu Xiaozhen, who parted ways due to a misunderstanding in childhood, reunited in the academy after they grew up. The infatuated female protagonist hopes to continue writing a sweet journey with the male protagonist, but due to the appearance of the mysterious administrator, Ma Shen, "accidents" occur frequently. Under the lure of Ma Shen's plan, the two became acting administrators and they help spirits to realize their long-cherished dreams, in order to continue their progress in love. Through the experience of missions again and again, the relationship between Hu and Yao becomes deeper and deeper, and they are moving towards the road of righteousness. But the true purpose of Ma Shen gradually implicates the operating laws behind the world, and more mysteries, and dangers lie between the hero and heroine.

 Junpei K?saka is a second-year high school student who despises cats and has an allergy to them. It just so happens that his high school crush is Kaede Mizuno, a girl who adores cats. One day, while walking home from school, Junpei kicks an empty can and unfortunately beans the local neko-jiz?-sama (guardian deity of cats). He finds he can now understand what cats are saying, including his family’s own ill-tempered cat, Nyamusasu. However, if he does not grant 100 wishes from cats, he will turn into cat himself.
 NHK announced "Nyanbo," a cat version of the "Danbo" cardboard robot character within Kiyohiko Azuma's Yotsuba&! manga.
 The story describes the everyday life of a shy girl named Konagai Tomoko and her three anthropomorphic cats
 A heartwarming story about a stray black cat, who was given blood from a vampire. He was taken in by a girl Misaki and started live with her. Nyanpire’s favorite phrase is “Give me blood nya.”
 An anime adaptation of the 4-panel strip manga release
 A series of shorts about Tsuruya from The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, based on the format of the Nyor?n Churuya-san manga. Episodes mainly concern her search for smoked cheese.
  Maiku Kamishiro’s past has always been somewhat of a mystery to him. The only clue he has to who is family might be is an old photograph showing two young children, a boy and a girl, playing in a small pool outside of a blue house. In an attempt to find his family, he moves to this blue house and begins working as a programmer. He’s living a comfortable life until the day two very different girls show up at his door, both in possession of the same photograph, and both claiming to be his twin.With no way to prove who is a relative and who is a stranger, Maiku allows both girls to move in with him until they know for sure.
 Maiku Kamishiro has a problem. Actually, make that two problems. He has two young girls boarding at his house, each claiming that they're his long-lost twin sister! Which one is Maiku's sister? Which one is a total stranger?
  Maiku Kamishiro’s past has always been somewhat of a mystery to him. The only clue he has to who is family might be is an old photograph showing two young children, a boy and a girl, playing in a small pool outside of a blue house. In an attempt to find his family, he moves to this blue house and begins working as a programmer. He’s living a comfortable life until the day two very different girls show up at his door, both in possession of the same photograph, and both claiming to be his twin.With no way to prove who is a relative and who is a stranger, Maiku allows both girls to move in with him until they know for sure.
 The story revolves around a rock band formed by a trio of punks, none of whom had prior experience with musical instruments.
 Eri, a girl who likes to stay indoors, meets a mysterious but enthusiastic transfer student named Haru. Eri used to love to sing and Haru loves Eri's singing. The story follows the two during one summer of their high school life as their love sometimes overlaps and sometimes passes by each other. Project by Studio Deen announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015.
 There are eleven girls that consist the C-class Ongaku Shoujo idol unit under Pine Records. Despite generating red sales marks and not being very popular, Producer Ikebashi and the members are trying their very best to up their levels. Nevertheless, Ikebashi suggests recruiting a new member for Ongaku Shoujo; someone who can act as a catalyst for the success of the group. Thus, an audition was opened, leading to the soon-to-be legendary group's meeting to a girl named Hanako.
 One of the free-spirited daughters, Onari, had a unique power yet to be seen by her peers in a world of oddball gods and monsters of the Japanese folklore. Aspiring to be one of the mightiest heroes of her village, she decided to take a journey to discover her own power. However, when a mysterious group of "Oni" threaten her own village, reputed for being peaceful for ages, she also had to rise to the occasion to thwart their attack and protect people of her village
 One of the free-spirited daughters, Onari, had a unique power yet to be seen by her peers in a world of oddball gods and monsters of the Japanese folklore. Aspiring to be one of the mightiest heroes of her village, she decided to take a journey to discover her own power. However, when a mysterious group of "Oni" threaten her own village, reputed for being peaceful for ages, she also had to rise to the occasion to thwart their attack and protect people of her village
 Himenokouji twins Akito and Akiko have finally reunited with each other after separation due to the death of their parents. After six years of living apart they suddenly began to live under the same roof due to Akito’s desire to live as a family unit once more. Things were fine at first until Akiko began to express her incestuous love for her older brother, who only sees her as a little sister.
 Himenokouji twins Akito and Akiko have finally reunited with each other after separation due to the death of their parents. After six years of living apart they suddenly began to live under the same roof due to Akito’s desire to live as a family unit once more. Things were fine at first until Akiko began to express her incestuous love for her older brother, who only sees her as a little sister.
 Onigiri thrusts its players into mystical Japan, a land filled with mythical creatures of Japanese legend. Starting as a lone Oni, players fight against the malevolent influence of the Kamikui as their miasma spreads over the land. 8 NPCs, each with their own distinct personality and skills, ally themselves with the player to help build a legend, and quell the evil that has arisen. As you grow stronger together, so do the bonds binding you to each other
 Ancient Japan is under attack by powerful beings called "Kamikui," and it is up to the "Oni" and his band of eight beautiful female warriors to stop them. Each of these girls have unique skills, abilities, and personalities. They partner themselves with the Oni, Jin, to stop the miasma of darkness sweeping across Japan. Onigiri follows the escapades of Jin and his merry companions as they strengthen their bonds and fend off the demonic invasion.
 A prequel to Cogimyun covering her life at flour school before she runs her grandfather's apartment complex. Episodes air within the "Millenia Girl" live action program and then get released for a limited time later in the day on Sanrio's official YouTube channel.
 The blade arts of the "Devil" tasked with stiking down evils threatening a peaceful Edo! Heizou Hasegawa, upholding the role of chief officer protecting against crime and arson! In 1783, the heart of the Tenmei era, Hasegawa held the office of chief director of the department charged with sustaining safety in the region, suppressing the most vile of thieves and criminals, an individual largely feared, renowned as Devil Heizou...
 The blade arts of the "Devil" tasked with striking down evils threatening a peaceful Edo! Heizou Hasegawa, upholding the role of chief officer protecting against crime and arson! In 1783, the heart of the Tenmei era, Hasegawa held the office of chief director of the department charged with sustaining safety in the region, suppressing the most vile of thieves and criminals, an individual largely feared, renowned as Devil Heizou...
 The OVA will center on Heizou's character, otherwise known as "Oni no Heizou" (Heizou the Demon); the man feared among the thieves and rogues during the Edo Period. A young man traces the stories surrounding Heizou's early days and their "dogs (spies)" from his admirers Kumehachi, Hikujou and Omasa. After hearing from them, the young man heads for Heizou's private residence in Mejirodai and also learns from his wife Hisae. What is the connection between the young man's motive and Heizou?
 The OVA will center on Heizou's character, otherwise known as "Oni no Heizou" (Heizou the Demon); the man feared among the thieves and rogues during the Edo Period. A young man traces the stories surrounding Heizou's early days and their "dogs (spies)" from his admirers Kumehachi, Hikujou and Omasa. After hearing from them, the young man heads for Heizou's private residence in Mejirodai and also learns from his wife Hisae. What is the connection between the young man's motive and Heizou?
 Mahiro Oyama was just a normal erotic-game loving dude...until he woke up one morning as a woman! Turns out his mad-scientist little sister, Mihari, tried out one of her new experiments on him...with a disastrous outcome, as far as Mahiro's concerned! But Mihari is as determined to study him as he is determined to go back to his shut-in, game-playing life, and one thing's for sure...life is going to get a whole lot weirder from here on out!
 Mahiro Oyama was just a normal erotic-game loving dude...until he woke up one morning as a woman! Turns out his mad-scientist little sister, Mihari, tried out one of her new experiments on him...with a disastrous outcome, as far as Mahiro's concerned! But Mihari is as determined to study him as he is determined to go back to his shut-in, game-playing life, and one thing's for sure...life is going to get a whole lot weirder from here on out!
 There was once an ogre (oni) mother who gave birth to a human looking child. Instead of an ogre's horn, this child was born with a sword in hand called the "Onikirimaru" or Ogre Slayer. He has no name and is only referred to by the name of his sword. Though he appears human, he is pure ogre. Believing that he will become human once all of his kind have vanished from the world of humans, he sets out on his destiny to slay all of his kind. Even now, in the mother world of Japan, he is still out there slaying ogres.

 hree oni-kids who, through the power of the onipan (a portmanteau of "oni" and "pantsu") become human to help fix the relationship between humans and oni. The three girls transfer into a normal Tokyo high school to aid in their task and help fix their image by revitalizing the town, sometimes jumping headfirst into school events, and other times ... becoming idols!
 Only Yesterday revolves around Taeko, a single woman working a desk job in Tokyo in 1982, taking a vacation in the countryside with the family of her sister in-law. During her vacation, Taeko finds herself looking back at her time as a young schoolgirl growing up in 1966. The film flips back and forth between the two time periods with a lot of nostalgia and beautiful country scenery as Taeko sorts out her flashbacks and tries to make some tough decisions about her future.
 Taeko Okajima is a 27-year-old, independent woman who spent her entire life in Tokyo. Looking to unwind from the rush of the big city, she decides to visit her family in the country to help out during the harvest.On the train there, Taeko vividly recalls her memories as a schoolgirl in the initial stages of puberty, as if she is on a trip with her childhood self. A young farmer named Toshio picks her up at the station, and they quickly develop a friendship. During her stay, Taeko forms strong bonds with family and friends, learning the contrasts between urban and rural life, as well as the struggles and joys of farming.Nostalgic and bittersweet, Omoide Poroporo takes on Taeko's journey as an adult woman coming to terms with her childhood dreams compared to the person she is today.
 In a time when demons and humans coexisted... Evil spirits from the underworld have begun a quest for power, strength, and dominance. The balance between the two worlds is now in jeopardy.Fortunately, there's a group of gifted humans who can read the stars and draw amulets. They have the power to connect the two worlds, and even tame the spirits. They are willing to lay everything on the line to maintain peace and order between the two worlds. They are known as Onmyouji.
 All his life, Riku Tachibana has been raised by his grandfather. For some reason, the old man has always been fond of strange hand gestures, and they’ve rubbed off on Riku, who performs them almost subconsciously, to his classmates’ great amusement. One day, however, it suddenly becomes clear to Riku what his grandfather has been surreptitiously teaching him. And the teachings could mean the difference between life and death for Riku.
 Onmyouji tells the story of renowned onmyouji Abe no Seimei, who meets and befriends the bumbling courst noble Minamoto no Hiromasa. Together, they defend Heian-capital kyou's from an opposing onmyouji, Douson, who is secretly plotting the emperor's demise.
 Hoshi-sensei, a Japanese language teacher at an all-girls school, is at the mercy of his students and colleagues. Students challenge him to their shiritori word games illustrated in their daily notes, convince him to bring a dog into the classroom, and seek his advice on becoming a manga artist, while colleagues drag him along on their rounds to the pub. Matter-of-fact interactions between a cast of unique characters make for an offbeat comedy.
 Two partners Effera and Jiliora escape from a slave boat with the aid of their friend Orlin and a young boy named Kilian. When Kilian is killed in the escape Effera and Jiliora take it upon themselves to return Kilian's pendant to his two siblings who are being held captive by Baron Celdion, who is plotting to take over all of the neighboring countries.
 After many years of dormant rest, a hot springs fairy awakens in modern-day Japan. However, while she slept, she took on the appearance of a young girl. She decides to cooperate with the locals whilst trying to regain her powers.
 Ichigo is a little girl who is distressed by the failing relationship between her mother and father (who is actually her step-father). After school one day she meets a driver of a magical bus and finds herself taking a ride in the bus. The bus transports her to the past to shortly after her mother and real father met. Perhaps she is meant to do something that will help her parents stay together and love one another further into the future.
 Onyankopon watched over people long ago, but one day an old woman accidentally hit Onyankopon in the head with a mallet while mashing yams. Since then, Onyankopon has been nervous about greeting people directly, and so sends subordinates to speak to them and solve their problems. He will use Afrobeat and dance to help Japanese high school girls with problems such as dieting, love, and cramming for exams.
 A young Aztec boy is saved from death by the gods and chosen to act as 'humanity's champion,' forced to discard his apathy toward his fellow man and prove humanity's potential in a fight that spans across fantastical-yet-authentic Mesoamerican cultures.
 The story follows Hiroshi Kuzumi, a 16-year-old boy who has just moved to the seemingly serene village of Jogamachi. Nestled in the mountains far away from the city, the village is divided by a river that separates old Jogamachi from new Jogamachi. Young Hiroshi soon discovers that the village’s ancient as well as mysterious traditions and customs have been kept alive over the ages. Although a bit bewildered by the new environment, Hiroshi begins to settle into his new life.While he has never been the type to win any popularity contests, he quickly earns the affection of his classmates. That is with the exception of aloof class president, Nemuru Kushinada, whose only words to Hiroshi are a warning to stay away from old part of town. It is there that terror and mystery await him..
 The story centers around Erika Shinohara, a vain 16-year-old girl who tells her friends about her romantic exploits, but she actually has no boyfriend. She claims that a handsome boy in a candid photo is her boyfriend, but it turns out that boy is a schoolmate named Kyouya Sata. She has no choice but to make him her fake boyfriend. Unfortunately, Sata may look like a sweet person, but he is actually an ultra-black-hearted sadist. Sata takes advantage of Erika's weakness and treats her like his dog.
 OVA bundled with 12th manga volume.
 2015
 New anime project for Ookami to Koushinryou.
 Holo, Lawrence, and Nora sit down to have dinner together, but Holo's dislike for Nora prevents her from enjoying the dinner. However, Holo falls ill due to fatigue and is forced to rest for a few days. She dreams and reminisces about her past and her journey so far with Lawrence, realising her affection for him is intensifying. Lawrence treats Holo's fever and fatigue by feeding her and balancing the four states, the Hot, Cold, Dry, and Wet. Over the course of her sickness, Holo grows closer to Lawrence, but her aversion to Nora continues to cause problems. When Nora visits her, she is finally able to get along with Nora after they share a joke.
 A love comedy parodying fairy tales such as “Little Red Riding Hood,” “The Ant and the Grasshopper,” etc. Ookami Ryoko (Ookami-san) is a spunky high school girl. She is a member of a “fixer” club so called Otogi High School Bank. She fixes the school’s problems with her partner Akai Ringo (Akazukin-chan.)
 Ookami Ryouko is a spunky and, by some accounts, rather manly high school girl. She is tall, speaks in a traditionally masculine way and is very proficient in fighting. Ookami-san's best friend is the small and high-pitched voiced Akai Ringo. Incidentally, the two are rather flat-chested, a fact the Narrator (voiced by Arai "Kuroko" Satomi of Railgun fame) is all too eager to point out.Ookami and Ringo are members of the Otogi Bank, a club in Otogi High School that assists students with their problems in return for their assistance on a different problem at a later date; thus the Otogi Bank is effectively a loan institute for problems where you can take out a loan for a solved problem but you have to repay it sooner or later.The Otogi Bank is able to solve any problem and will go to any lengths to do so, often leading the members to danger or mayhem. Since most of the members of the club are female, another male is needed for the more dangerous assignments. Thus, the scopophobic (the fear of being looked at) Morino Ryoushi is inducted as a member, right after he confesses his love for Ookami...
 The story follows Hiroshi Kuzumi, a 16-year-old student who has just moved to the seemingly serene village of Jogamachi. Nestled in the mountains far away from the city, the village is divided by a river that separates old Jogamachi from new Jogamachi. Young Hiroshi soon discovers that the village is ancient as well as mysterious traditions and customs have been kept alive over the ages. Although a bit bewildered by the new environment, Hiroshi begins to settle into his new life. While he has never been the type to win any popularity contests, he quickly earns the affection of his classmates. That is with the exception of aloof class president, Nemuru Kushinada, whose only words to Hiroshi are a warning to stay away from old part of town. It is there that terror and mystery await him.
 Mihashi Ren is the quirky ace pitcher of Nishiura high school's newly formed baseball team. He, however, has hit rock-bottom in terms of confidence and self-belief, thanks to a traumatic three years in his middle school - Mihoshi academy - and switched to Nishiura just to get away from it all. The team's catcher, Abe Takaya, thinks otherwise and believes that Mihashi has the control and skill required, and with his lead, could take them all the way to Koshien.Guided by an enterprising coach and an innovative mentor, the team slowly gel as a unit and train hard to make a mark in the upcoming summer tournament.
 Ren Mihashi was the ace of his middle school's baseball team, but due to his poor pitching, they could never win. Constant losses eventually lead to his teammates bullying him and reached the point where his teammates no longer tried to win, causing Mihashi to graduate with little self-esteem. As a result, Mihashi decides to go to a high school in a different prefecture where he has no intention of playing baseball. Unfortunately, upon his arrival at Nishiura High, he is dragged into joining their new team as the starting pitcher.Although unwilling at first, Mihashi realizes that this is a place where he will be accepted for who he is; with help from the catcher Takaya Abe, he starts to have more confidence in his own abilities. Abe, seeing the potential in Mihashi, makes it a goal to help him become a pitcher worthy of being called an ace.
 In Edo period Japan (1603 to 1868), a strange new disease called the Redface Pox has begun to prey on the country's men. Within eighty years of the first outbreak, the male population has fallen to a quarter of the total female population. Women have taken on all the roles traditionally granted to men, even that of the Shogun. The men, precious providers of life, are carefully protected and the most beautiful of the men are sent to serve in the Shogun's Inner Chambers.
 The story follows a boy who has gained an independent life. After moving into his rented apartment, he meets his landlord. The landlord has the physique of a little girl, and she does the cooking and housework while attending middle school with her friends.
 A world blanketed in an endless and ever-growing ocean of snow. The people eke out a living, either huddled around the roots of enormous trees dotting the surface, or high in the canopy, which spreads over the planet's atmosphere.A chance meeting between Kaina, a youth from the canopy, and Liliha, a young woman from the surface, sets off a chain of events that will change the fate of the world.
 One morning, Naho Takamiya receives a letter in the mail claiming to be from herself 10 years in the future. The letter reveals a series of events that are supposed to take place that day. At first, Naho thinks it's just a prank; but when the letter mentions a transfer student named Kakeru Naruse, who really ends up transferring into her class later that day, she is forced to believe in its contents.  As Naho continues to read the letter, her future self mentions several regrets, urging Naho to take the right decisions now. Somehow these regrets all seem to be connected to Kakeru, and with the burden of the knowledge that the boy wouldn't be with her and her friends in the future, will Naho be able to make the perfect choices that will alter what seems to be fate?
 Orbital Era is set in the near-future on a space colony under construction. The film features a coming-of-age action-adventure story following the lives of young boys surviving in this peculiar environment and society as they are tossed around by fate. "The reality found in mankind's future" will be depicted through their perspective.The story will take place over four seasons in the space colony. The characters relationships will unfold over these seasons. Otomo noted that the film is set in the future, but instead of being rooted in science fiction, the story will skew more toward fantasy.
 Suzuka Nagami is a beautiful third-year middle school student who has excellent grades and is the student council president. She wrote a novel about a little sister who dotes on her older brother, and the the novel wins a light novel award. After they discuss the matter, Yuu is the one who debuts as a proxy light novel author instead of Suzuka, under the pen name Chikai Towano.
 Gouda Takeo is a freshman in high school. (Both estimates) Weight
 The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels.
 Short specials featuring chibi versions of OreImo characters, included on the first limited editions of the OreImo Season 2 BD/DVD volumes.
 Unaired TV episode bundled with the light novel's volume eight.
 Kisaragi Amatsuyu is invited out alone by the cool beauty upperclassman Cosmos and his childhood friend Himawari. Expecting to hear their confessions, he triumphantly goes to meet each of them in turn. But Cosmos and Himawari both instead confess to Amatsuyu that they like his friend. Amatsuyu fights this lonely battle, but there is another girl who is looking at him. She is a gloomy girl with glasses and braids. Amatsuyu finds that he hates her, because she's always turning her sharp tongue only on him and finding enjoyment in his troubles. But it turns out that she's the only one who actually does like him.
 The original video anime episode will serve as the final chapter to the television series, focusing on the rivalry between the "background character" Amatsuyu Kisaragi (Jouro) and Yasuo Hazuki (Hose), "the protagonist."
 The story centers on Nonoha Nonohara, a young manga artist who just enrolled in a new school. She finds herself surrounded by a group of three “super-cute” guys.
 It’s winter in the big city of Yanagihara, and young people will meet and fall in love. Takashi is a boy who plans to escape to another world, but is held back by thoughts of his younger sister Kobato and girlfriend Asuka. Shusuke is a poor part-timer who has to work with student-author Hiyoko in spite of their initial dislike for each other. The antisocial Hayato makes his living as a handyman until he is visited by a girl name Naru.
 The manga is centered around an older woman who is often mistaken as a man and called "Ojii-chan'' by her cats and Tsushima, a strange cat who appears in her garden one day.

 Twintails
 Mitsuka Souji is a first year high school student who greatly loves the "twintails" hairstyle. One day a beautiful girl, Thuearle, who comes from another world suddenly appeared in front of him and gave him the power to transform into the twintails warrior TailRed. Now Souji, with the help of his childhood friend Tsube Aika who can becomes the twintails warrior TailBlue, must fight in order to protect the peace on earth.
 The anime adaptation revolves around a young boy named Faiya Orega who loves Oreca competitions. One day, he is granted the power to summon real Oreca monsters due to the mysterious powers of the treasure chest Pandora. To protect the peace of the Oreca world, Faiya must fight the demon king who threatens the land.
 Tatsumi is a high school boy who lives by himself. However, a devastatingly handsome merman named Wakasa moves into the bathtub in Tatsumi's home. Wakasa is a bit self-centered but cute, while Tatsumi is cool but a busybody.
 An OVA bundled with the non-adult version of the OreTsuba PC game. The OVA has more fan service than the TV series (what they call, "nakedness plus 90%").
 An OVA bundled with the non-adult version of the OreTsuba PC game. The OVA has more fan service than the TV series (what they call, "nakedness plus 90%").
 Haneda Takashi has a secret he cannot speak of. To leave his dull school-life, he was supposed to have escaped to another world. However, he is reeled in by certain ties on his heart. One of these is Kobato, his awkward younger sister. The other is Watarai Asuka, his negligent girlfriend.Chitose Shuusuke is a poor freeloader. He passes his days working at various part-time jobs. One day, he has a disastrous first encounter with Tamaizumi Hiyoko. The next time they meet, Shuusuke discovers that they are fellow employees at his part-time job.Narita Hayato sees himself as a "hard-boiled" person. Back-breaking jobs are nothing to him. Hayato shuns normal human contact, but, during the nights, he would get together with delinquents and other denizens of the night. One such night, he meets the cheerful and oblivious Otori Naru.The relationships with these girls will greatly affect these 3 young men. But what, exactly, is the relationship these young men have with each other?
 Five years ago, Musashi made a promise with his friend Kojirou Kanemaki that once they grew up, they would become samurai, form a league, and go on demon-slaying quests. But since then, things have changed. With demons now being praised and worshipped by society, the samurai are shunned and disgraced.Afraid of revealing his dream of becoming a samurai, Musashi blends into the town's dogma by becoming a miner while secretly polishing his swordsmanship. Meanwhile, despite being a direct descendant of a samurai, Kojirou gives up on his promise to his old friend. However, after saving Musashi from a near-death experience, his perspective shifts. Although still conflicted, Kojirou embarks on a journey with Musashi in the hopes of figuring out his true feelings.Fighting against all odds, the duo dives headfirst into the unknown world of beast-slaying, not knowing what life has in store for them. Now astride iron horses, the fifteen-year-old heroes plan to restore the tarnished reputation of the samurai and purge the world of demons.
 Second cour of Orient, adapting the Awajishima Gekitou-hen (The Battle of Awaji Island arc).
 The ferocious battle of Awaji Island begins now! With the appearance of the all-powerful Kishin, the land of Hinomoto is now dominated by oni, instead of humans. Musashi and Kanemaki Kojiro set out from their hometown swearing the form the strongest Bushi band of all time, and after encountering Hattori Tsugumi on their trip, the three of them found the Kanemaki Bushi. After obtaining the only weapons that can slay oni, Kitetsu Blades, they have taken the first big step towards their dream. In Harima, Musashi's group will encounter the massive band of Uesugui Bushi, and their leader Uesugi Tatsuomi. They have gathered to slay the giant Kishin that threatens to consume the Awaji island
 A failed DNA experiment with plants has changed the world forever. Having demolished the moon, the intelligent and aggressive plant-life has spread to the earth and destroyed the human civilization. The few humans that remain struggle to survive, while maintaining an uneasy truce with the restless forest. One day, a villager named Agito stumbles across a stasis unit hidden deep in the forest and awakens a very cute girl from the past. Having slept for the past 300 years, Toola steps into a very different and strange world. The neighbouring high-tech village of Laguna is still locked in a bitter war with the forest and when they become aware of Toola, they realize that she is the key to activating her father's final and ultimate weapon of humanity - a weapon designed to totally destroy the forest. When Toola is taken by the warriors of Laguna, Agito makes a pact with the forest to gain the strength and incredible powers to not only save her, but to stop the weapon from destroying both the forest and his village.
 Ebichu the hamster seems like the perfect house pet
 2005 years ago in India, a boy named Siddhartha Gautama of the kingdom Shakya is born. When Siddhartha was born there was a prophecy that the boy would become a king of all the kingdoms. At that time various kingdoms were continuously raging wars with each other. When the boy attained puberty, he associated with people from the lower class like Migaila a girl who was known as a thief. Siddhartha began to have doubts about the strict class system even though he is raised in luxury as a future king.Later, the powerful kingdom of Kosala attacks the kingdom of Shakya. Both sides fight fiercely. The commander of Kosala's army is the general's son Chapra. He is thought of as the most brave soldier in the kingdom of Kosala. Chapra was actually born into slavery but hid his background. By the general's order he came all the way up into his current position.Chapra wants to make a successful career for himself and Siddhartha abondons his family's wealth to find Tao. These two opposite persons meet in the war and changes the fate of their respective kingdoms ...
 The animation is based on the fairy tale of the same name with the local sale over 100,000 copies by Jeong Chae-bong, a writer well known for his innocent and heart-stirring tales. It is a story about two orphans, Gil-son, a five-year-old boy, and his blind sister Gam-i who are brought up by a charitable monk at a secluded temple in Mt. Seorak. Gil-son, a mischievous boy, is the guide for this hour-long travel in search of innocence. Having a pure heart, he befriends all living things and communicates with clouds, birds and flowers. One snowy day, however, ...
 Kotobuki is a cheerful outgoing 14 year old girl. She's a young lady with good fashion sense and her favorite pass-time includes browsing through specialty shops, gift shops, and clothing stores. Her favorite store is "Galopine Et Galopin", a clothing store run by a young fashion designer named Hodaka-san. Hodaka is a handsome, quiet, reserved young man who's designs are making him very popular in the fashion world.
 A girl is obsessed with her favorite idol, a minor member of a less popular group, enough that she says she'd die to see her play at Budoukan.
 A girl is obsessed with her favorite idol, a minor member of a less popular group, enough that she says she'd die to see her play at Budoukan.

 Follow the daily school life of Gyaruko-chan, Otako, and Ojyo in this series of comedic short stories. Gyaruko-chan has a tendency to speak rudely, but she's basically friends with everyone. Otako is the quiet loner of the class, but she is good friends with Gyaruko-chan. Ojyo speaks her mind freely and naturally.
 Bundled with fourth manga volume.
 A gag comedy about Oshiri Kajiri Mushi XVIII, a 10-year-old insect who goes to Biting School to inherit his family's Biting Shop business.
 A wacky comedy about identical sextuplets causing wild pranks. Each episode features 2 stories.
 A wacky comedy about identical sextuplets.
 The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings
 Second season of Osomatsu-san.
 Second season of Osomatsu-san.
 Third season of Osomatsu-san.
 The film centers on the sextuplets at a high school class reunion. There, they see all their former classmates who have become "proper" adults with company jobs. The sextuplets sulk about this and go home and drink until they fall asleep. But when they wake up, a certain scene awaits them.
 A short series depicting side stories about the brothers' daily life, released on dTV streaming service.It received an advance screening together with the movie on March 7 in Tokyo.
 The 1st BD & DVD volume of Osomatsu-san will have a new episode, replacing episode 1 of the original series.
 Special episode of Osomatsu-san
 First of two new anime installments commemorating the anime's sixth anniversary.
 New Osomatsu-san special.
 Tadashi Matsushita has recently entered the Kansai Fifth Technical High School and joined its notorious karate club. There he meets his captain, Yoshiyuki Takagi, an incredibly strong individual. Feared and respected throughout Osaka, Takagi is deep down an honorable and compassionate guy despite his violent endeavors.
 Manaka, Miggy and Hidarin struggle every day to aim for a global expansion.
 The year is 972 A.D. in Kyoto, the capital of ancient Japan. Kyoto is becoming a corrupt and run-down city; selfish samurai and onmyoji, who care only about gaining political power are everywhere. To make matters worse the city is suffering from famine and widespread disease. Unable to ignore the condition of the city any longer, the Imperial Court decides to send Minamoto no Raiko, a famous samurai well-known for his archery skills, to recover a legendary gem said to hold mysterious power to save the world. However Raiko also falls ill to disease. Instead his youngest sister, Hikaru, decides secretely to make the journey in his place. Hikaru meets many people, and has many adventures while on her trip for the legendary gem.
 TV anime adaptation of Motomiya Hiroshi's manga "Otoko Ippiki Gaki Daishou" about young gang leader and all the trouble and fights his gang gets into, serialized in Weekly Shonen Jump.
 Eight-year-old Katarina Claes is the only daughter of a duke, living her life peacefully and without incident until she hits her head on a rock... and then remembers that she is not actually the duke's daughter. She used to be an otaku who died on her way to school after spending the previous night playing Fortune Lover, her favorite otome game. After noticing that her current surroundings seem oddly familiar, she is shocked to discover that she has been reincarnated into the world of Fortune Lover as the villainess.The villainess in the game usually winds up dead or exiled, so Katarina decides to use her knowledge of the game and its routes to avoid any bad situations. But is it even possible for the villainess to reach a good ending?
 The OVA will tell the childhood stories of the main characters, adapting from the first volume of Satoru Yamaguchi's original light novel.Bundled with the seventh limited edition volume of the manga.
 The OVA will tell the childhood stories of the main characters, adapting from the first volume of Satoru Yamaguchi's original light novel. Bundled with the seventh limited edition volume of the manga.
 Second season of Otome Game no Hametsu Flag shika Nai Akuyaku Reijou ni Tensei shiteshimatta...
 Office worker Leon is reincarnated into a particularly punishing dating sim video game, where women reign supreme and only beautiful men have a seat at the table. But Leon has a secret weapon
 Office worker Leon is reincarnated into a particularly punishing dating sim video game, where women reign supreme and only beautiful men have a seat at the table. But Leon has a secret weapon
 Mizuho can't believe his ears when Grandpa's will is read out. Grandpa's final wish is for Mizuho to attend the same academy as Mizuho's mother. The catch is it's an all-girls school. With the help of friend Mariya however, he gets a makeover good enough to fool everyone at the academy.
 Hisoka was an orphan who was raised by Yukitaka, the present head of the worldwide Jinsei Corporation, with the help of his right-hand man Daisuke. He was adopted for the sole purpose of working both publicly and secretly for his daughter Orihime, who was next in line to inherit the business. That’s why he did not hesitate when he was asked by Yukitaka to attend the same school as her and serve as her bodyguard in secret.The only problem was that her school was the refined Saint Ceral Girls’ Academy, which was closed to boys. He didn’t know it at the time, but it would be a major turning point in his life.
 In an alternate history of the Meiji era where humans and magical beings known as “younin” live side by side, half-younin girls team up with army lieutenants to fight younin wrongdoers.
 A series of animations based on prize-winning short stories for women.Kawamo wo Suberu Kaze (January 7, 2011)In the story, 33-year-old Kanazawa native Noriko had decided long ago not to accept an ordinary, provincial life for herself. So, she had gone to college in Tokyo, worked on her own, married a man at an elite trading firm, and had a child. She has just returned home from five years abroad with her husband and four-year-old son. However, she senses a large emptiness in her heart since coming back. Moreover, there is a man who shares a big secret with Noriko.Yuuge (March 10, 2013)Mimi, a wife in her late 20s, leaves her family and begins living with a young man.Jinsei Best 10 (March 17, 2013)Hatoko, a business woman, faces her upcoming 40th birthday and reunites with the person with whom she shared her first kiss in middle school, over two decades ago.Dokoka Dewanai Koko (March 24, 2013)A 43-year-old housewife gets a glimpse of a complicated relationship between a mother and a daughter.
 Kautz was looking for a job and suddenly he gets hired by an armor shop. But it's not your run of the mill armor shop, it's an adult armor shop. An ecchi comedy showing the shopkeeper side of selling sexy battle armor.

 Second season of Otona no Bouguya-san.
 Ever since their father died, Ichirou Kuga has struggled to support his two younger siblings on nothing but a small inheritance and his passion for drawing manga. But it's becoming harder to keep up with his growing responsibilities and deadlines, especially after his last two assistants quit to follow their dreams. Just as he’s nearing his breaking point, the beautiful and scarily competent Shiori Goshiki applies to become his new assistant. But there’s something almost otherworldly about Goshiki, and soon Kuga finds his reality turned upside down when she suddenly declares them engaged to marry!
 Ever since their father died, Ichirou Kuga has struggled to support his two younger siblings on nothing but a small inheritance and his passion for drawing manga. But it's becoming harder to keep up with his growing responsibilities and deadlines, especially after his last two assistants quit to follow their dreams. Just as he's nearing his breaking point, the beautiful and scarily competent Shiori Goshiki applies to become his new assistant. But there's something almost otherworldly about Goshiki, and soon Kuga finds his reality turned upside down when she suddenly declares them engaged to marry!
 Jing, the infamous King of Bandits, finds himself and his feathered partner Kir behind bars in Seventh Heaven, the most notorious prison complex in the world. There, they seek to steal the Dream Orb from the convict Campari. But before doing so, they must escape from the prison of dreams that Campari has conjured for them.
 Jing, the infamous King of Bandits, finds himself and his feathered partner Kir behind bars in Seventh Heaven, the most notorious prison complex in the world. There, they seek to steal the Dream Orb from the convict Campari. But before doing so, they must escape from the prison of dreams that Campari has conjured for them.
 A golden warrior wearing a cape and a scepter, Ougon Bat was a protector spirit from Atlantis reanimated by a scientist and his friends (specially the sweet Marie) from his tomb covered in hieroglyphics. His entry was heralded by a golden bat and a sinister laugh and he would put good use of his super powers to combat the evil forces of Dr. Zero.
 When a young boy called Hiro finds what appears to be a broken lighter in an empty field, it changes his life forever. This lighter is actually the Gold Lightan, a robot that fell to Earth from the Robot Dimension. When called upon to defend the Earth from Ivalda the Great's evil robots, Gold Lightan transforms into a giant super robot, known as the Golden Warrior. Gold Lightan joins forces with Hiro's and his gang, the One Pack Rangers to protect the Earth from the evil schemes of Ivalda the Great and his armored forces.
  Haruhi is a poor tomboyish student at a school for the ultra-wealthy, able to attend because of a scholarship, and unable to even afford a uniform. One day, she stumbles across the decidedly peculiar but very popular Ouran Host Club. She tries to leave, but accidentally breaks a vase, and unable to pay for it, she’s told that she’ll have to stay and do odd jobs. That is, until they decide she would be more valuable as a club member. Not realizing she’s female due to her appearance, they fix her up and give her a male uniform. She’s an instant hit, so they decide to have her keep up the charade even after they find out the truth.Haruhi, being average almost to a fault, doesn’t know what to make of the unconventional activities of the Host Club (or of the even more unconventional members), but having little choice, she plays along. Before long, real bonds are formed, friends made, and Haruhi finds herself accepted in a way she could never have been otherwise in this affluent school.
 The people of the kingdom look down on the young Prince Bojji, who can neither hear nor speak. They call him "The Useless Prince" while jeering at his supposed foolishness.However, while Bojji may not be physically strong, he is certainly not weak of heart. When a chance encounter with a shadow creature should have left him traumatized, it instead makes him believe that he has found a friend amidst those who only choose to notice his shortcomings. He starts meeting with Kage, the shadow, regularly, to the point where even the otherwise abrasive creature begins to warm up to him.Kage and Bojji's unlikely friendship lays the budding foundations of the prince's journey, one where he intends to conquer his fears and insecurities. Despite the constant ridicule he faces, Bojji resolves to fulfill his desire of becoming the best king he can be.
 New entry in Ousama Ranking franchise.
 New entry in Ousama Ranking franchise.
 Accepting the post of Royal Tutor at the court of the king of Grannzreich, Heine Wittgenstein is a little professor with a big job ahead! Each of the kingdom's four princes has a rather distinct personality. Does their diminutive new instructor have what it takes to lay down some learning? It's a comedy of educational proportions!
 Accepting the post of Royal Tutor at the court of the king of Grannzreich, Heine Wittgenstein is a little professor with a big job ahead! Each of the kingdom's four princes has a rather distinct personality. Does their diminutive new instructor have what it takes to lay down some learning? It's a comedy of educational proportions!
 The four princes of the Kingdom of Granzreich are aiming to become the next king. Under the guidance of the royal tutor Heine Wittgenstein, while overcoming various obstacles and sometimes hesitating, they grow little by little.Appearing before them are twin princes from the Kingdom of Romano. Even though these princes look cute on the surface, they are actually extremely sadistic...! Towards such an unprecedented crisis, Heine and the four princes perform "educational guidance"!?
 In the midst of a violent invasion of Earth by unknown alien forces, photojournalist Wakatsuki Tetsuya comes across a scantily-clad alien woman, cutting a swath of death through the Terran ranks with her sword. After a chaotic struggle, Tetsuya is knocked unconscious, only to awaken aboard her starship. To his surprise, she turns out to be Kahm, the invaders' princess - and she has picked Tetsuya for a starring role in her upcoming wedding. As the groom...
 In the midst of a violent invasion of Earth by unknown alien forces, photojournalist Wakatsuki Tetsuya comes across a scantily-clad alien woman, cutting a swath of death through the Terran ranks with her sword. After a chaotic struggle, Tetsuya is knocked unconscious, only to awaken aboard her starship. To his surprise, she turns out to be Kahm, the invaders' princess - and she has picked Tetsuya for a starring role in her upcoming wedding. As the groom...
 A promotional video for the Indy Racing League Bridgestone Indy Japan 3000.
 2005
 The story begins with Yggdrasil, a popular online game which is quietly shut down one day; however, the protagonist Momonga decides to not log out. Momonga is then transformed into the image of a skeleton as "the most powerful wizard." The world continues to change, with non-player characters (NPCs) begining to feel emotion. Having no parents, friends, or place in society, this ordinary young man Momonga then strives to take over the new world the game has become.
 The final hour of the popular virtual reality game Yggdrasil has come. However, Momonga, a powerful wizard and master of the dark guild Ainz Ooal Gown, decides to spend his last few moments in the game as the servers begin to shut down. To his surprise, despite the clock having struck midnight, Momonga is still fully conscious as his character and, moreover, the non-player characters appear to have developed personalities of their own!Confronted with this abnormal situation, Momonga commands his loyal servants to help him investigate and take control of this new world, with the hopes of figuring out what has caused this development and if there may be others in the same predicament.
 Overlord will be sharing the comedy chibi-chara adventures of Ainz's combat maid squad, the Pleiades Six-Stars.
 Second season of Overlord.
 Second season of Overlord.
 Third season of Overlord.
 Third season of Overlord.
 Fourth season of Overlord.
 Fourth season of Overlord.
 First Overlord recap film.
 Second Overlord recap film.
 New Overlord film.
 Clementine escapes from almighty Ainz's gaze, and Albedo with the help of Aura, Mare, and a gratuitously large army of poorly-animated CG goblins must track her down, and eliminate anything that stands in her way, Guardian.
 Bundled with novel series' 11th volume.The new anime will feature the appearance of the Pleiades combat maids, as well as the rest of the Floor Guardians.
 Super deformed parody shorts of Overlord II streamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel.
 Super deformed parody shorts of Overlord III streamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel.

 Sometime in the distant future, mankind is forced to live in domed cities while the rest of the world is left to recover from years of environmental hardships. In the Siberian Dome-polis, professional gamer Gainer Sanga and mercenary Gain Bijou commandeer an Overman and lead a mass exodus out of the city.
 Sometime in the distant future, mankind is forced to live in domed cities while the rest of the world is left to recover from years of environmental hardships. In the Siberian Dome-polis, professional gamer Gainer Sanga and mercenary Gain Bijou commandeer an Overman and lead a mass exodus out of the city.
 Freelance photographer Kouya Madoka is in the midst of a slump due to a certain reason. While working on a story at the Fuji International Speedway, he meets the high school F4 racer Haruka Asahina and he suddenly finds his heart racing once again. He decides to support Asahina and help him make his dream come true with the small team, Komaki Motors. With this, the lives of Madoka and Asahina, who have completely different personalities and ages, intersect with each other.
 One day, a mysterious virus appeared on Earth which killed every infected human over the age of 13. At the same time, vampires emerged from the world's dark recesses and enslaved mankind. Enter Hyakuya Yuuichirou, a young boy, who along with the rest of the children from his orphanage, are treated as livestock by the vampires. Even in captivity, Yuuichirou dreams big. He dreams of killing vampires. He dreams of killing them all.
 With the appearance of a mysterious virus that kills everyone above the age of 13, mankind becomes enslaved by previously hidden, power-hungry vampires who emerge in order to subjugate society with the promise of protecting the survivors, in exchange for donations of their blood.Among these survivors are Yuuichirou and Mikaela Hyakuya, two young boys who are taken captive from an orphanage, along with other children whom they consider family. Discontent with being treated like livestock under the vampires' cruel reign, Mikaela hatches a rebellious escape plan that is ultimately doomed to fail. The only survivor to come out on the other side is Yuuichirou, who is found by the Moon Demon Company, a military unit dedicated to exterminating the vampires in Japan.Many years later, now a member of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army, Yuuichirou is determined to take revenge on the creatures that slaughtered his family, but at what cost?Owari no Seraph is a post-apocalyptic supernatural shounen anime that follows a young man's search for retribution, all the while battling for friendship and loyalty against seemingly impossible odds.
 Yuuichirou Hyakuya is finally reunited with his childhood friend Mikaela Hyakuya, whom he had long presumed to be dead. Upon their reunion, however, he discovers that Mikaela has been turned into a vampire. Determined to help his friend, Yuuichirou vows to get stronger so that he can protect Mikaela as well as the comrades in the Moon Demon Company.Kureto Hiiragi receives information that a large group of vampires will be gathering in Nagoya, preparing for their assault on the Imperial Demon Army's main forces in Tokyo. Led by Guren Ichinose, Yuuichirou's team is one of many selected to intercept and eliminate the vampire nobles.With the Nagoya mission quickly approaching, the members of Shinoa squad continue to work towards fully mastering their weapons, while learning how to improve their teamwork. Yuuichirou must gain the power he needs to slay the nobles and save his best friend, before he succumbs to the demon of the Cursed Gear.
 The story is set before the main story's "Battle in Nagoya" arc.The Shinoa Squad receives another mission from Guren; to rescue a human girl named Riko from a mysterious vampire, Shahar, and bring her back to her family. However, Ferid and Crowley also appear when they find Shahar. Can Yuuichirou save the girl?
 Yuuichirou has reunited with Mikaela at the Shinjuku Battle. But Mikaela was turned into a vampire... To save the "family," and to protect his fellow members, Yuuichirou needed to gain knowledge and power. He searched for ways to bring back vampire to human beings, and at the same time, trained hard working on the Cursed Gear. Meanwhile, Kureto calls Guren and tells him a shocking truth. That in one month, the main unit of the vampire will start attacking Tokyo. To get a head start against vampires, Kureto orders Guren to go to Nagoya. The noble extermination mission is about to open fire!
 Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
 Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases
 According to a notice displayed at Shosen Book Tower in Akihabara, the anime adaptation of Monogatari Series
 Second season of Owarimonogatari.
 A bratty girl named Mia is given a book, Thumbelina, which upon reading she is shrunk and transported into the world of the book. She embarks on a journey to return home, and to normal size making friends and learning lessons on the way, but that's only the beginning of her adventures.
 Based on The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900), The Marvelous Land of Oz, Ozma of Oz, and The Emerald City of Oz (1900-1920) by L. Frank Baum (1856-1919).
 Based on The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900), The Marvelous Land of Oz, Ozma of Oz, and The Emerald City of Oz (1900-1920) by L. Frank Baum (1856-1919).
 The king of the Tower of Wind seeks the power of the legendary Dragon's Head, and employs the fighter Moka, the thief Buruman, and the magic user Kiriman to steal it for him. But the Dragon's Head is sealed in the Temple of Fire, and to capture it Moka will have to face the sect that has protected it generation after generation!
 The anime will feature an original story from the game on which it is based.
 In the far future, the elevated irradiation from the sun has destroyed the environment of the earth and the birthrate of humans has drastically decreased. The government controls society with an army of cloned soldiers called “Ideal Children (IC)”. Sam Coin is a trader in a desert. One day, he saves a beautiful woman Maya, who has been chased by Theseus, a corps of IC. He shelters her in his trade ship, but the destroyers of Theseus surround Sam and Maya.

 A tranquil tale about two boys from very different upbringings. On one hand you have Kai, born as the son of a prostitute, who's been playing the abandoned piano in the forest near his home ever since he was young. And on the other you have Syuhei, practically breast-fed by the piano as the son of a family of prestigious pianists. Yet it is their common bond with the piano that eventually intertwines their paths in life.
 A tranquil tale about two boys from very different upbringings. On one hand you have Kai, born as the son of a prostitute, who's been playing the abandoned piano in the forest near his home ever since he was young. And on the other you have Syuhei, practically breast-fed by the piano as the son of a family of prestigious pianists. Yet it is their common bond with the piano that eventually intertwines their paths in life.
 Second season of Piano no Mori.
 Second season of Piano no Mori.
 No synopsis has been added for this series yet.
 Second season of Pikaia!.
 Piko-tarou will improvise the story of each three-minute episode using an illustration by the anime's director Takashi Taniguchi. He will tell each story in the style of a fairy tale and voice every character, including himself.
 Pikotaro breaks new ground. Drawing inspiration from illustrations by director Taniguchi, he does the unthinkable
  In the future humankind has expanded and colonized other planets. Then an alien species, Victim, attacks the human colonies leaving only one planet, Zion. In an effort to stop Victim from destroying the last planet a training school, GOA, is set up to gather boys from the Zion colonies and train them to become pilots of the Ingrids AKA The Goddesses, five fighting robots that protect Zion. The boys must possess a rare blood type, EO , as well as a special ability, or EX. Zero (Candidate 88) has just arrived in GOA when he falls into the cockpit of the Ingrid Eeva-Leena.Since the synch between pilot and Ingrid are very sensitive everyone believes the Goddess will kill Zero in an attempt to synch. Just before Zero passes out he makes a full synch with the Goddess. Before he can find out more about the incident, his pilot training begins.
 Inaho Jr. High's Boys Ping Pong Club has only 6 members, the club minimum. Takeda is your average nice guy. Kinoshita is good looking and popular with girls. Unfortunately, the rest are branded as losers. Tanabe is too foreign, while Tanaka is petite and perverse. Maena and Izawa are truly deviant, and their crazed antics have earned the team some powerful enemies. In spite of their differences, the team needs to work together to retain their practice room and club status.(Source
 The manga revolves around two longtime friends Smile and Peco who are both members of the ping pong club at their high school and are both very talented at the sport. However, Smile's quiet personality keeps him from being able to win against Peco. The club's teacher takes notice of Smile's talent and works to change his attitude toward the sport.
 "The hero comes. The hero comes. The hero comes. Chant these words in your mind, and I'll surely come to you..." This mantra is what Makoto Tsukimoto repeats as a source of motivation when he fights through the stress of not only grueling ping pong matches, but also in situations of his life. Makoto doesn't fight alone; he and his friend, Yukata Hoshino, nicknamed Smile and Peco respectively, are two boys who have grown up playing ping pong together nearly every day. Peco, brimming with confidence, aims to be the best table tennis player in the world; Smile, on the other hand, shows little ambition. Nevertheless, the two have always stuck together, with a bond built upon their mutual love for this sport.Every year, students from all across Japan gather for the inter-high table tennis competition to achieve national and international stardom. Through intense training and competition, only the very best persevere.From the avant-garde director of Tatami Galaxy, Masaaki Yuasa, Ping Pong The Animation serves a tale of ambition with its fair share of bumps along the way. Whatever the odds, Peco and Smile will face them together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Pingu and his family move from their small village to the big city; in which there are many people with many different occupations. The ever-curious Pingu tries to join them at their jobs, but his mischievous side gets the better of him and he ends up messing things up.
 Pingu continues his misadventures in the big city, now with even more different jobs for him to mess up as a result of his adorable clumsiness and affinity for mischief. Join him on his curious capers as he wreaks havoc across the city.
  Kotaro is a child who has lost his mother, one day, he runs into the pinkhaired Misha, an apprentice angel. Together with Ten-chan and Koboshi, they get into all kinds of weird situations. Especially when they come across Shia-san, a demon apprentice, who is actually too kind to be able to be a demon.
 The second season of PJ Berri no Mogumogu Munyamunya. Its broadcast will be in the same timeslot as the re-airing of the original 2001 Parappa the Rapper anime on Fuji TV.
 The Incredible Hulk, ejected from Earth in a spaceship, crash-lands on a planet ruled by a tyrant, who forces him to fight in a coliseum against other powerful creatures. The Hulk reluctantly befriends the combatants on his team.

 An adaptation of the visual-novel by Key, Planetarian
 The new OVA will feature the prequel short story "Snow Globe," which debuted as part of a light novel volume that bundled with a limited-edition version of the original PC game.
 The anime's original story features Mutta and Hibito during one summer when they were children. During the summer when Mutta and Hibito made their promise to go to space, they met a young girl who also had a wish.
 In 2047, an unknown, alien life-form descends upon the Earth, destroying all the major cities in one fell swoop. The survivors unite and build a Diffusor to stop the Februus, the invaders the military would later codename the FOS, and a temporary peace is achieved. Jump forward to 2053, the present. Planzet
 In 2047, an unknown, alien life-form descends upon the Earth, destroying all the major cities in one fell swoop. The survivors unite and build a Diffusor to stop the Februus, the invaders the military would later codename the FOS, and a temporary peace is achieved. Jump forward to 2053, the present. PLANZET
 The main character of Plastic Little is Tita Mu Koshigaya, Tita to her friends, a young woman who captains a ship, the Cha-Cha Maru, whose business is capturing exotic creatures in the sea of clouds of the planet Ietta, apparently a gas giant of some kind, and selling them to collectors and zoos. By chance, she saves Elysse Aldo Mordish, a young woman of her own age, from a rogue faction of Ietta's own military forces, led by the armored commander Guizel, who already killed Elysse's scientist father. As the military conducts a vicious chase for Elysse, it becomes apparent that she holds the key to a secret that could determine the fate of the entire planet's independence.
 Set on the planet Yietta, whose colonists make their living by exploiting the planet's unique liquid-gas oceans, Plastic Little begins as the Yietans are finally about to pay off their debts to the Galactic Federation. Unfortunately, there are those who would rather not let Yietta slip through their fingers...Enter Tita, 17 year old captain of the Cha Cha Maru. Together with her crew, Tita specializes in capturing Yietta's exotic life forms for intergalactic pet shops, but through plain bad luck she finds herself, instead, at the core of a sinister plot to take over Yietta! By rescuing 16 year old Elysse from the very clutches of the military, Tita puts the lives of both herself and her crew in mortal peril... but a girl's got to do what a girl's got to do!As the plotters mobilize their forces in a desperate bid to retrieve Elysse, whom they believe possesses a vital computer code, Tita must play a dangerous game of tag with an entire army of professional killers! It's Cat and Mouse on a planetwide scale, with one crucial difference
 This story takes place in a future not too far away when androids that look exactly like humans begin to spread across the world. The android production company SA Corp. produced Giftia, a new kind of android that has the most amount of emotion and human-like qualities out of any other model ever seen. However, due to problems in technology, the androids have a service life, and once they pass that, they... Well, it gets pretty bad. For this sake, SA Corp. creates a terminal service in order to retrieve Giftia that have gone past their service life. A new employee at the terminal service named Tsukasa Mizugaki forms a team with the Giftia Isla to retrieve the other androids, but...
 Iroe Genma is a third-year high school student often referred to as "Elder Sister" despite her short height. This troublemaking teenager is the president of her school's Model Club, which is dedicated to building plastic models of various objects and structures, such as cars, boats, and even robots.Joined by her two underclassmen, the violent Hazuki "Okappa" Okamoto and the rational Makina "Makimaki" Sakamaki, the small group aims to carry out their club duties but are often sidetracked by a myriad of distractions. From battles between club members to lessons on how to confess to your crush, these three schoolgirls get caught up in all sorts of wacky, and downright outrageous situations!
 Ever since he lost his family in an explosion, Mirai Kakehashi has lived a life of pain and despair. Every day, he endures abuse at the hands of relatives who took him in. As his anguish steadily chips away at his will to live, he is eventually pushed to the brink. Prepared to throw it all away, he stands on the edge of a precipice and takes the leap. However, instead of falling to his death, he enters a trance where he meets a winged being who claims to be his guardian angel. Named Nasse, the angel offers him two priceless abilities and convinces him to go on living.When Mirai experiences the marvel of his new powers firsthand, he gets a taste of the freedom that was locked away from him for so long. Armed with Nasse's gifts, Mirai is flung into a showdown with 12 other individuals, one of which will be chosen to become the next God. In stark contrast to when he wanted to end his life, Mirai is now prepared to do whatever it takes to protect his bleak chance at happiness, lest it be wrenched from his grasp forever.
 In the near future, technology has made a few leaps and bounds, and videophones and constant wireless internet access are available to everyone. However, it would seen that the government has been careless and a skilled hacker was able to break into the national information archive. Using the data held there he creates the Platonic Chain website for people to discover information about themselves and their friends. Words start to spread quickly that there is a site that enables you to look up anything. Coincidentally, three young girls, Hitomi, Rika, and Kanae, are able to access the site.
 In the near future, technology has made a few leaps and bounds, and videophones and constant wireless internet access are available to everyone. However, it would seen that the government has been careless and a skilled hacker was able to break into the national information archive. Using the data held there he creates the Platonic Chain website for people to discover information about themselves and their friends. Words start to spread quickly that there is a site that enables you to look up anything. Coincidentally, three young girls, Hitomi, Rika, and Kanae, are able to access the site.
 Plawres is a wrestling game that the players make their robots, which are about 30 cm tall, fight in the ring. The main character, Sugata Sanshiro, is a plawres player. Using his plawrestler, Juohmaru, he beats strong rivals.
 Due to family benefit, she became his wife, but after the wedding, he said
 Alice Sakaguchi once dreamt that she is another person living on the moon. The dream is so strange and so real that Alice can't stop thinking about it. She finds out that some of her classmates are having the same kind of dream. They soon discover that they had been seeing flashes of their past lives as a team of scientists on the moon. Alice and her friends then decide to find the other members and piece together what took place back then. Complications arise when they realize that everything that happened in their previous existence continue to haunt and affect their present lives.
 1993
 In a post-apocalyptic world dominated by the so-called "Numbers," each human will have their identity branded with their own "Count," which could define any number related to their life. May it be one's walked distance or amount of compliments given to them by others, this Count could lead them to the abyss when it has dropped to zero.In the year 305 of the Alcian calendar, Hina has inherited a mission from her Mother, whose Count has depreciated to zero, to search for the Legendary Red Baron. In her adventure, she meets a half-masked swordsman named Licht who tries to hide his identity, as he is known as a degenerate for having an incredibly low Count.
 In a post-apocalyptic world dominated by the so-called "Numbers," each human will have their identity branded with their own "Count," which could define any number related to their life. May it be one's walked distance or amount of compliments given to them by others, this Count could lead them to the abyss when it has dropped to zero.In the year 305 of the Alcian calendar, Hina has inherited a mission from her Mother, whose Count has depreciated to zero, to search for the Legendary Red Baron. In her adventure, she meets a half-masked swordsman named Licht who tries to hide his identity, as he is known as a degenerate for having an incredibly low Count.
 Famous for his military service in the 39th Asian War, the legendary Swiss robot Montblanc is violently murdered. Humans and robots around the world mourn for the beloved celebrity. Montblanc's popularity only grew in the years following the war, thanks to his dedication to nature conservation and his loving personality.Once a fellow war veteran, robotic Europol detective Gesicht is sent to investigate Montblanc's tragic demise. In his pursuit, Gesicht uncovers evidence of a mysterious entity known only as "Pluto." He also learns of a conspiratorial plot to dismantle the eight specialized robots from around the world who participated in the war. Racing against time to save those who still remain, Gesicht grapples with his memory, morality, and a world full of hate, desperately attempting to defend the fragile coexistence of man and machine.
 The official YouTube channel for the Pokemon franchise announced on Sunday that the franchise is getting a new television anime series titled Pocket Monster. The title is the same title as the original 1997 Pokemon television anime series.The new series will feature all of the regions covered in the franchise so far, from the Kanto to the Galar region. The episode of Pokemon Sun & Moon that will air on September 29 will reveal more information about the new show.
 A one-episode story depicting the encounter between the mysterious boy Haruto and Satoshi.
 Recap TV Special that aired after episode 72 of Pokemon (2019).
 A young boy named Satoshi embarks on a journey to become a "Pokemon Master" with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Takeshi, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Kasumi, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Satoshi and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Musashi, Kojirou, and Nyarth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called "Team Rocket." But every time Team Rocket tries to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Satoshi and his Pokemon.
 Follow Liko and Roy as they unravel the mysteries that surround them and encounter Friede, Captain Pikachu, Amethio, and others during their exciting adventures!
 Young Molly Hale is a 5-year old girl who has lost her father to the Unown, a strange group of Pokemon who can make a person's dreams real by using their Psychic energy. One day she accidently releases the Unown, and they begin to answer Molly's wishes; first by creating Entei, a legendary lion-like Pokemon who Molly then thinks is her father because he always pretended to be Entei when he played with her. Molly then feels lonely because she has no mother, so Entei decides to kidnap Ash's mother and forces her to become Molly's. Ash, Brock, and Misty must then try to save Ash's mom, Delia, and Molly; And in the process they must also try to find a way to stop the Unown from turning the town of Greenfield into a bizarre crystal wasteland.
 40 years ago, a Celebi was being attacked by a Pokemon Hunter. Luckily, a young boy named Sammy saved Celebi. Using its Time Traveling power, Celebi transported himself and Sammy 40 years into the future. There, Ash, Misty, and Brock assist Sammy to the healing lake in the forest so they can heal the wounded Celebi. Unfortunately an evil Team Rocket member, Viscious a.k.a. "The Iron Masked Marauder", tries to capture Celebi using his technology. As Ash and Co. try to get away from Viscious, they also run into Jessie, James, and Meowth, who also want to capture Celebi. Soon it becomes a race against time to get Celebi and Sammy back to the forest before Celebi is caught and is used to destroy the forest and themselves.
 After participating in the Johto League, Ash decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Hoenn. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old May (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Ash also meets up with his old companion, Brock, and May's younger brother, Max. Together, they travel along in Hoenn, battling Gym Leaders, entering Contests, and other events on the way to the Hoenn League.
 The 16th Pokemon movie and the 3rd "Best Wishes!" movie.
 Kenta, a Pokemon master in the making, meets up with his childhood friend, Marina, at a Pokemon Center, to see how their skills have developed. Their battle is interrupted by a thunderstorm and the arrival of Bashou and Buson, two Roketto-Dan members using the Crystal System (which attracts Electric-type Pokemon). Their ultimate goal is to, under the guidance of Shiranui-hakase, bring Pokemon back to Sakaki. Kenta and Marina stumble upon this plan, and they try to stop it, but things get more difficult when the legendary Pokemon Raikou is captured.
 After defeating Brandon and declining the offer to be a Frontier Brain, Ash sets off to travel through the far away land of Sinnoh. Once he gets there, he meets up with Hikari, a local trainer from the region, and they decide to travel together.
 A human wakes up one day to discover that he has become a Squirtle in a world filled with natural disasters, where he meets Charmander and Chikorita of Team Go-Getters, a Pokemon rescue team. Squirtle joins Team Go-Getters for the task of saving Pichu's Brother Pikachu from Skarmory, however Gengar and his Team Meanies decide to interfere.
 Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers
 Satoshi and his friends travel to LaRousse, where they meet a boy named Tooi who is afraid of Pokemon due to an incident that happened four years earlier. Meanwhile, Deoxys, a Pokemon from space, has reappeared, putting a barrier around the city and kidnapping people. Rayquaza, a Pokemon that lives in the atmosphere, comes to fight it.
 In the town of Lohta, a festival is thrown praising "Aaron the Wave Leader Hero" who, according to the legend passed down through the town's generations, stopped a war centuries ago by using the power of "the Tree of the World's Origin." Satoshi and Pikachu participate in a battle to decide this year's hero and after their victory, they are chosen as the "Wave Leader Hero." A grand dance party is held in the castle to celebrate the victor, but suddenly the phantom Pokemon Mew appears and takes Pikachu. Soon afterwards, the Wave Leader Pokemon "Lucario" is freed from his centuries-long seal and meets Satoshi. Satoshi must solve the various mysteries of where Pikachu is, what Mew's after, what the secret of the legend of the Wave Leader is and how it ties in with Lucario's hidden past as he makes his way to "the Tree of the World's Origin" with Lucario.
 Dialga rules time, and Palkia rules space, they lived in an alternate dimension so they decided to fight within their own reality, which would make it bad for the real world too. Dialga and Palkia appear before Ash and his friends and drag the city into their own world. If they destroy this city, they'll also destroy the whole world.
 After winding up in the middle of the battle between Giratina and Dialga, Shaymin somehow reached the place where Satoshi (Ash) and his friends are taking a break...But with the battle going on in the Torn World, also known as the Reverse World, they somehow got involved, leading to a more complicated case than they ever imagined...
 Many millennia ago, a meteor from space threatened to destroy the world. As it happened, Arceus got badly injured while trying to stop it. After that Damos took over and the world was saved. Being thankful for the intervenience, Arceus promised to help make the desolate land of Michiina rich and prosperous, giving Damos the Jewel of Life.Arceus let Damos borrow 16 parts of his body to create the Jewel of Life which were to be returned to him on a specific date. When that didn't happen, the betrayed Arceus swore to judge the humans when he awakes again.Now, Satoshi, Hikari and Takeshi arrive in the riverside town of Michiina which is surrounded by nature's beauty. They decide to go into the ruins of Michiina which are at the summit of a large rock. There is a beautiful lake at its shores and Satoshi and friends are fascinated by it. Suddenly, waves begin to form and a tornado of water starts to wreak havoc.A descendant of Damos, a girl called Sheena, runs out from the ruins of Michiina. Sheena sees what's happening and summons Dialga, which manages to stop the tornado.Satoshi and his friends finally get to see the ruins and Kevin and Sheena tell the old legend of Michiina to them. Moments after they explain the legend, the fighting between Dialga, Palkia and Giratina becomes fierce and the ruins of Michiina are destroyed. Arceus is awoken...
 The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram.
 The stories of the two movies will be the same until Satoshi and Pikachu meet Victini but the legendary Pokemon will be either Zekrom or Reshiram.
 The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo.
 A theatrical short film shown together with Gekijouban Pocket Monsters
 The 16th Pokemon movie and the 3rd "Best Wishes!" movie.
 A mysterious force binds Ash to the Mythical Pokemon Volcanion when it falls from the sky. Volcanion can't get away, and Ash is dragged along as it continues on its mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt minister has stolen the ultimate invention
 Ash Ketchum must put his skill to the test when he attempts to save the world from destruction. The Greedy Pokemon collector Lawrence III throws the universe into chaos after disrupting the balance of nature by capturing one of the Pokemon birds that rule the elements of fire, lightning and ice. Will Ash have what it takes to save the world?
 The film's plot tells the story of how Satoshi and Pikachu came to know each other. Pikachu was not cooperative toward Satoshi, but Satoshi only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Masara Town, both of them saw a Houou flying and made a vow to someday go and meet it.(Source
 Ash and Pikachu embark on a new journey to Fula City where the yearly Wind Festival takes place. There they meet new trainers and friends in order to later help save the city along with the mythical pokemon Zeraora.
 Ash and Pikachu embark on a new journey to Fula City where the yearly Wind Festival takes place. There they meet new trainers and friends in order to later help save the city along with the mythical pokemon Zeraora.
 Pokemon's 22nd movie.
 Pokemon Movie 22.
 Young Molly Hale is a 5-year old girl who has lost her father to the Unown, a strange group of Pokemon who can make a person's dreams real by using their Psychic energy. One day she accidently releases the Unown, and they begin to answer Molly's wishes; first by creating Entei, a legendary lion-like Pokemon who Molly then thinks is her father because he always pretended to be Entei when he played with her. Molly then feels lonely because she has no mother, so Entei decides to kidnap Ash's mother and forces her to become Molly's. Ash, Brock, and Misty must then try to save Ash's mom, Delia, and Molly; And in the process they must also try to find a way to stop the Unown from turning the town of Greenfield into a bizarre crystal wasteland.
 Celebi is a mysterious Pokemon, that can travel through time. While escaping from a Pokemon Thief, he transcends through time accidentally bringing a boy named Yukinari with him 40 years into the future. Ash and the gang meet Yukinari and Celebi and heard his story about traveling through time, but even 40 years in the future, there are still some who wants Celebi for themself. The Team Rocket's most powerful Pokemon Hunter - The Masked Vicious wants to capture Celebi for himself and he succeeds into capture him onto the Dark Ball - a Pokeball that makes every Pokemon evil. With Celebi at his hands, Vicious wants to be the ruler of the world, it's up to Ash and the gang to stop him and make Celebi back to his original self.
 Long ago, on an island called Altomare, there lived an old man and woman. One day, the couple found two small children lying on the shore, badly wounded. The couple took them in and took care of them, and the children quickly recovered. But then, the island was attacked by monsters. Within moments the island fell into the monsters' wrath. But then...Before the old man and lady's eyes, the children who they had taken care of transformed into the Eon Pokemon, Latios and Latias. They called their family from the sky. They came, and carried a stone with them containing the power to force the monsters away. This gem was known as the "Soul Dew". Peace returned to the island. However, later in the present, a criminal duo - Zanner and Lions - are seeking Latios and Latias in order to take control of the Soul Dew. Taking a short break in Altomare, Satoshi befriends Latias and is now dragged into the situation helping to save Altomare from becoming swallowed up by destruction again.
 Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers.
 Satoshi and his friends travel to LaRousse, where they meet a boy named Tooi who is afraid of Pokemon due to an incident that happened four years earlier. Meanwhile, Deoxys, a Pokemon from space, has reappeared, putting a barrier around the city and kidnapping people. Rayquaza, a Pokemon that lives in the atmosphere, comes to fight it.
 In the town of Lohta, a festival is thrown praising "Aaron the Wave Leader Hero" who, according to the legend passed down through the town's generations, stopped a war centuries ago by using the power of "the Tree of the World's Origin." Satoshi and Pikachu participate in a battle to decide this year's hero and after their victory, they are chosen as the "Wave Leader Hero." A grand dance party is held in the castle to celebrate the victor, but suddenly the phantom Pokemon Mew appears and takes Pikachu. Soon afterwards, the Wave Leader Pokemon "Lucario" is freed from his centuries-long seal and meets Satoshi. Satoshi must solve the various mysteries of where Pikachu is, what Mew's after, what the secret of the legend of the Wave Leader is and how it ties in with Lucario's hidden past as he makes his way to "the Tree of the World's Origin" with Lucario.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyishWater Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him.Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer,and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water PokemonTrainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainerwho may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travelsare Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a "Pokemon Master" with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on histravels are Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called "Team Rocket". But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
 A young boy named Ash Ketchum embarks on a journey to become a “Pokemon Master” with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travelsare Brock, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Misty, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Ash and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Jessie, James, and Meowth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called “Team Rocket”. But everytime Team Rocket try to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Ash and his Pokemon.
  As Ash and his friends continue their journey to Sunyshore City, they are attacked by a wild Magnezone. As they reach a near-by town, they are informedby Officer Jenny that Magnezone and wild Metagross has suddenly appeared and is wreaking havoc throughout the town. As Pikachu and Pachirisu lead the Steel-types to the mountains using their Electric attacks, the group meets up with Katsuzou, a mountain guard. Then Katsuzou informs them that Magnezone and Metagross normally battle with each other on a regular basis to release the magnetism that builds up in their bodies, due to the strong magnetic forces emitted from the mountains. Recently, their “battle arena” (a deep crater) has become filled with water. Ash, Dawn, Brock, Officer Jenny and Katsuzou have to find out why the crater is full of water, and a way to drain it, so Magnezone and Metagross can battle in peace away from the city.
 The season follows Ash as he continues his journey, venturing in the Unova region with his friends Iris and Cilan.
 Satoshi and his Pikachu head off to a new region, Alola, wearing a new set of clothes. He receives a Z-Ring and becomes a student at a school.
 Satoshi and his Pikachu head off to a new region, Alola, wearing a new set of clothes. He receives a Z-Ring and becomes a student at a school.
 One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are
 The 15th Pokemon movie and the 2nd 'Best Wishes!' movie. It will feature the legendary Pokemon Kyurem (appearing also in its new Black Kyurem and White Kyurem formes.) The Legendary Musketeer Pokemon-Cobalion, Terrakion and Virizion-will appear alongside their newly revealed 4th member, Keldeo.
 One of the two Pokemon Best Wishes movies that will premiere simultaneously on July 16th. The two titles are
 The XY series is based on the events of the Generation VI games. As with the previous three series, the XY series begins with only Satoshi heading off to a new region with his Pikachuu; his previous companions, Irisand Dent, have left the series. Satoshi's journey through the Kalos Region begins in Miare City, and soon he will be joined by Serena, Citron, and Eureka.
 A young boy named Satoshi embarks on a journey to become a "Pokemon Master" with his first Pokemon, Pikachu. Joining him on his travels are Takeshi, a girl-obsessed Rock Pokemon Trainer, and Kasumi, a tomboyish Water Pokemon Trainer who may have a crush on him. Satoshi and Co. end up traveling through various regions, including Kanto, the Orange Islands, and Johto, and then enter the Pokemon League competitions there. Along the way, they run into many confrontations with Musashi, Kojirou, and Nyarth, a trio of Pokemon thieves who are apart of an evil organization called "Team Rocket." But every time Team Rocket tries to do their evil deeds, they fail thanks to Satoshi and his Pokemon.
 The XY series is based on the events of the Generation VI games. As with the previous three series, the XY series begins with only Satoshi heading off to a new region with his Pikachuu; his previous companions, Irisand Dent, have left the series. Satoshi's journey through the Kalos Region begins in Miare City, and soon he will be joined by Serena, Citron, and Eureka.
 Mega Evolution"
 Mega Evolution - a new form of evolution that has spread through the Kalos region. However, is Mega Evolution something all Pokemon are capable of? This story is centered around a young Trainer named Alan and his partner Lizardon. "To master Mega Evolution, to defeat all mega evolved Pokemon and stand on top as the strongest"
 Recap episode.
 Part 1
 An anime short for the Pokemon XY series. It is available in Japan along with the purchasing of a ticket for Hoopa and the Clash of Ages movie, which this short ties into.
 An anime short for the Pokemon XY series. It is available in Japan along with the purchasing of a ticket for Hoopa and the Clash of Ages movie, which this short ties into.
 Continuation of Pokemon XY
 The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokemon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokemon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokemon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back.With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY
 The second half of the special will look back at the series so far and provide a complete explanation of "all the mysteries" in the show.It will also preview what will happen in the future of the series.
 Pokemon
 Second Season of Pokemon
 On the other side of the world, there exists another mysterious, mirror-like dimension known as the Reverse World. In this unique space lives the legendary Pokemon Giratina, a god-like Pokemon who soon finds itself in a great struggle with the legendary Pokemon Dialga! Why are these two Pokemon fighting? And what is the secret of this Reverse World?Meanwhile, Satoshi and his friends are traveling when they are greeted by yet another legendary Pokemon, Shami. This cute and somewhat cheeky Pokemon holds the secret to the battle between the two god Pokemon, but something unexpected happens to it during its journey. In order to save both worlds, Satoshi joins forces with it to stop the fighting once and for all!
 This is the 6th Movie.Satoshi, Haruka, Takeshi, and Masato come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary pokemon, Jirachi, decends from the heavens and befriends Masato. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers
 he film's plot tells the story of how Satoshi and Pikachu came to know each other. Pikachu was not cooperative toward Satoshi, but Satoshi only wanted to be friends with Pikachu. On the day they set out from Masara Town, both of them saw a Houou flying and made a vow to someday go and meet it.
 The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science.(Source
 The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science.
 Final story featuring Satoshi and Pikachu to conclude Pokemon (2019).
 Pikachu meets the Pichu brothers and goes on an adventure through the city with them while trying to get back to the building where the rest of Ash's Pokemon are.
 Pikachu meets the Pichu brothers and goes on an adventure through the city with them while trying to get back to the building where the rest of Ash's Pokemon are.
 Pikachu and the other pokemon play a game of hide and seek.
 Pikachu's Winter Vacations are three series of videos, each composed of several Pikachu shorts. All shorts deal with winter and Christmas. This is the second series and contains Winter Games & Stantler's Little Helpers.
 Pokemon
 Satoshi and his friends get lost in an unknown wasteland. They eventually come across a "Water Pokemon Show" performed by the star of the Mariner Troupe, Hiromi. Hiromi is a descendant of the troupe of Water People able to communicate with water pokemon, and she tells our heroes the legend that's been passed down by her people for generations. According to legend, a temple the Water People built called "The Water Temple Akuusha" rests somewhere in the ocean, and a treasure called "The Water Crown" is hidden there. It's said that no one has ever seen this treasure, but that changes when a Pokemon Ranger named Jack Walker (aka Jackie) appears to chase aftert it.Jackie is on a top secret mission that has him protecting the egg of the leader of the water pokemon, Manaphy. This pokemon, called the "Prince of the Sea," needs to be taken to the Water Temple Akuusha, so Satoshi-tachi and Hiromi decide to help him. Along the way, a pirate named Phantom attacks our heroes from his great submarine. Phantom plans to use the Water Crown's power to help him conquer the world, but he'll have to solve the mystery of Manaphy's egg first. When the Rocket-Dan get into the mix, Jackie uses his Capture Styler to borrow the power of a nearby pokemon to stand up to them. Satoshi and Pikachu enter the fray, but they still have to contend with the attacks of Phantom's powerful high tech mecha! Suddenly, the egg starts to shine with a vivid light, and Manpahy is born!What is the mystery of the legendary treasure? What mysterious powers does Manaphy have? Can Satoshi-tachi and Jackie complete their top secret mission? The journey to reach the Water Temple Akuusha has begun!
 A team of scientists use the DNA of a rare Pokemon, Mew, to create the world's strongest Pokemon, Mewtwo. Not wanting to be used as an experiment, Mewtwo uses its psychic powers in a violent rage to destroy the scientists who created it. Mewtwo then tries to learn how to focus his powers with the aid of Giovanni, the man who funded the scientists' operations, but discovers that it is being used again. So Mewtwo decides to find its own purpose in life, and carry out its revenge on humans by destroying life on earth by using a deadly storm. Ash Ketchum and a group of other Pokemon Trainers are summoned by Mewtwo to have a battle with it, but they soon discover that they're only being invited so Mewtwo can clone their Pokemon for it's own purposes. Ash then tries to find a way to stop Mewtwo's plot before it can be carried out.
 A greedy collector, Lawrence III, wants to capture the legendary Pokemon, Lugia. But in order to do so, he must capture the Titans of Fire, Ice, and Lightning. The titans are powerful bird-like Pokemon, and if they are disturbed they will wage a war against eachother which will ultimately result in earth's destruction. Ash, Misty, and Tracey get caught up in the situation when they end up being washed ashore onto Shamouti Island. Soon after, Ash meets a girl named Melody who sends him into a mission where he must collect the 3 Orbs which will quell the fighting, but first Ash must gain help from the Beast of the Sea, Lugia, if he's to suceed.

 Short episodes released on the Pokemon Kids TV Youtube Channel
 2020
 The story centers on Hinano, a very normal and mild-mannered 17-year-old girl. Since she was very young her grandmother ran a planetarium that Hinano loved, but one day Hinano found out that the planetarium would be closing down. Hinano worried about whether there was anything she could do for her grandmother and for the planetarium, and she coincidentally one day catches sight of a woman dancing on a pole under a starry sky. She gathers her friends and together they set up a stage in the planetarium to perform shows, and they jump into the world of pole dancing.

 An animated series of pole dance show routines by various dancers from Pole Princess!! dancing and singing to their respective character songs.
 In Pom Poko (the Japanese title literally means Heisei-era Raccoon War Pom Poko), Tanuki living in the forest near a government construction project, are being threatened by the destruction of their habitat. Banding together and seeking help from other tribes of Tanuki, they live up to their traditionally mischievous reputation by changing their shape and trying to sabotage the construction effort.When this fails, they stage one last great illusion, hoping to alert the city folk to the natural wonders being bulldozed to make room for yet another Tokyo suburb, before it's too late...
 Faced with the destruction of their habitat due to the growth of Tokyo, a group of tanuki try to defend their homes. They decide to use their transforming talents to try to hold back the new development. Two of them, especially skilled at transforming, are sent to Shikoku to enlist the help of three sages. Meanwhile, the rest of them do their best to disrupt the construction site, at first causing accidents, and then actually haunting the site. However, the humans are very persistent, and soon the tanuki are forced to use more and more extreme measures to save their home.(Source
 Anime uploaded to YouTube based on studio Bridge's original characters, Pont and Qiao.
 A lonely little boy named Sousuke lives with his mother by the sea, flashing messages across the water to his father's boat. One day, amid the detritus brought in with the tide, he stumbles upon a little goldfish. Delighted by this strange new friend, he takes her home and names her Ponyo. Sousuke comes to learn, however, that Ponyo is no ordinary fish. A visit from a strange man brings with it fantastical happenings that lead Sousuke and Ponyo on an enlightening adventure.In Gake no Ue no Ponyo, magic and reality clash around Ponyo and Sousuke, testing their resolve. Despite the trials they face, Ponyo and Sousuke form a strong friendship. They meet many interesting characters, and learn just as many lessons from them.
 A young boy, Sousuke, befriends a strange looking goldfish whom he names Ponyo. Unbeknownst to Sousuke, Ponyo is a magic fish who has decided that she wants to live with Sousuke and the other humans. Unfortunately, Ponyo's decision to give up her underwater life creates a crack in an ancient magic spell, and places the world in danger. Together, Sousuke and Ponyo must set things right.
 The story begins the day before the graduation ceremony. Five middle school girls each are preoccupied with their real everyday lives. These girls meet each other in a fantasy world after being sent there through a sudden occurrence. There, they learn about the impending crisis that this world is facing. The way to avert this crisis is for the five to collaborate and bring their five hearts together as one through dance.However, the five cannot come to love the world, and cannot tell their true feelings to one another, so their hearts are unable to unite. The time limit is fast approaching. Can the dance of the five girls save the world? And will they be able to graduate?
 Pinon, the boy who flows within his body, the blood of the three races (the Dragons, the fairies and the humans), is actually the son of the Courageous One, Pietro. Pinon's encounter with a mysterious animal, Pap, opens up the door to an adventurous journey. He befriends Luna and Marco on the way. However, when he learns that his adventure will determine the fate of PoPoLoCrois, Pinon hardens his heart and leaves his friends. Unknown to him, this is an introductory chapter to a new adventure and Pinon will realise that he must resolve the bigger crisis present in PoPoLoCrois.
 Prince Pietro is the half-human, half-dragon prince of the kingdom of Popolocrois. After the evil GamiGami tries (unsuccessfuly, as ever) to take over the Kingdom, a mysterious girl named Hyuu appears in the forest near Popolocrois Castle, which is the beginning of an adventure for Pietro, his witch friend Narcia, and all their friends. Set following the events of the first Popolocrois game.
 This anime is about three sisters who live together with their maid in a house that travels from place to place.
 2003
 Beautiful sisters Ai, Mai, Mii, their android maid Mea and slippery pet ferret Unagi make an amazing journey together through time and space without ever leaving their beloved mansion behind! Following the clues of the strange dandelion-like "Popotan," the girls are theoretically seeking the person who has the answers to their most personal questions, but they seem to have more than enough time to take side trips, meet new friends, visit hot springs and occasionally operate the X-mas shop they keep in the house along the way!Yet, the girls' ultimate destiny holds more than a few surprises of its own, and not every moment is filled with hilarity, as moving through time means having to leave friends behind as well.(Source
 Two high school girls, the short and exceptionally quick to anger Popuko, and the tall and much more calm Pipimi, do insane things and swear like sailors in this absurdist comedy filled with references and meta humor.(Source
 Two high school girls, the short and exceptionally quick to anger Popuko, and the tall and much more calm Pipimi, do insane things and swear like sailors in this absurdist comedy filled with references and meta humor.(Source
 Second season of Poputepipikku.
 Second season of Poputepipikku.
 Special episode of Poputepipikku.

 A dashing and brave WWI Pilot is transformed into a pig by a mysterious curse. He is now employed as a paid mercenary/problem solver and sea plane pilot in the Adriatic Sea for the side of good. He is forced to do combat with a band of air pirates who never bathe and call themselves Mama Aiuto (Mothers Helper). Anarchy and war are coming to Italy and the adriatic pilots are being forced to join the Air Force or become fugatives from the law. Our hero Porco is shot down in a dogfight with a self styled air ace called Curtis.Porco must rebuild his plane, Fight Mama Aiuto, run from the Italian government, engage in a final showdown with Curtis whilst courting the lovely Gina and saving young school girls from the clutches of Mama Aiuto, pay back Papa Piccolo for the renovation of his airplane, win a bet, break the curse, and save himself in the bargain.
 The curious penguin Pororo is out exploring one day when he stumbles upon a mysterious egg. Planning on eating it, Pororo decides to take it home. However, the egg hatches in front of his eyes, and to his surprise a dinosaur emerges, staring him in the face. Though terrified at first, Pororo soon befriends the lovable pint-sized creature and the two go on many adventures with the rest of their friends.Within this gang of friends, there is the dinosaur Crong, a playful troublemaker; the fox Eddy, a trickster and inventor; the beaver Loopy, an artistic baker; and the polar bear Poby, a photographer and fisherman with a generous heart. When all these friends get together, they are sure to get into mischief.Porong Porong Pororo follows Pororo and his friends as they venture through their daily lives. Confronting every new adventure and challenge, Pororo and the gang will learn courage, compassion, and what it truly means to be a good friend.
 The curious penguin Pororo is out exploring one day when he stumbles upon a mysterious egg. Planning on eating it, Pororo decides to take it home. However, the egg hatches in front of his eyes, and to his surprise a dinosaur emerges, staring him in the face. Though terrified at first, Pororo soon befriends the lovable pint-sized creature and the two go on many adventures with the rest of their friends.Within this gang of friends, there is the dinosaur Crong, a playful troublemaker; the fox Eddy, a trickster and inventor; the beaver Loopy, an artistic baker; and the polar bear Poby, a photographer and fisherman with a generous heart. When all these friends get together, they are sure to get into mischief.Porong Porong Pororo follows Pororo and his friends as they venture through their daily lives. Confronting every new adventure and challenge, Pororo and the gang will learn courage, compassion, and what it truly means to be a good friend.
 A direct continuation of the second season. This time there are aliens and a robot friend that hangs out with the gang.
 A direct continuation of the previous season where an anthropomorphic car gets separated from his home and arrive in Pororo's village and beings to live there.
 The fifth season of Pororo with a focus more on racing.
 The sixth season of Pororo, many episodes take place in the Summer Islands.
 It's a freezing winter morning and Christmas is just around the corner.Pororo the penguin and his beloved friends return from the woods where they have cut a Christmas tree, ready to celebrate the festivity. They’ve just finished decorating the tree, when they receive a shocking message directly from Santa Claus!Santa caught a bad cold, and he can’t bring his special Xmas glaze to the Candy Castle, where under the oversight of King Cream Puff the cookies for children all over the world are made. A Christmas without cookies will be quite sad!Pororo and his friends decide to protect the Christmas spirit, and they leave for Santa Claus village to pick up the Christmas glaze and carry it to the Candy Castle.But along the way, they met their old acquaintance
 Porfy, his younger sister Mina, and their parents live a humble but happy life in the Grecian countryside. They've just started running a gas station, much to Porphy's joy, and it seems like only good things are in store for their future. However, a huge earthquake changes all that, leaving Porfy without a home or a family -- sans Mina, who seems to have disappeared in the commotion. Now, Porfy is determined to find his sister and be able to live together happily again.
 Momo and Komomo can deliver mail from anyone, to anyone. To anywhere in the world, the galaxy, or the universe. Under the sea, high up in the clouds, and around the corner. To the past, the present, or the future. They both work tirelessly to insure that the important letters of people are delivered, while Komomo also works hard to keep the ever distracted Momo on task.
 A middle school student finds his ordinary life disrupted when a strange small magical cat-girl creature suddenly appears in his refrigerator one day. Moriyama Sunao just takes everything in stride and accepts his new friend as she moves into his life and his circle of school friends. But the funny creature that he named Potemayo (a made-up name from a potato-mayonnaise bread) does not like one of his classmates, specificallyNatsu Mikan and considers her a rival for Moriyama's attentions. Then a second silly magical cat-girl appears in Moriyama's refrigerator, carrying a scythe and possessing strange magical powers.
 A middle school student finds his ordinary life disrupted when a strange small magical cat-girl creature suddenly appears in his refrigerator one day. Moriyama Sunao just takes everything in stride and accepts his new friend as she moves into his life and his circle of school friends.But the funny creature that he named Potemayo (a made-up name from a potato-mayonnaise bread) does not like one of his classmates, specificallyNatsu Mikan and considers her a rival for Moriyama's attentions. Then a second silly magical cat-girl appears in Moriyama's refrigerator, carrying a scythe and possessing strange magical powers.
 Kaoru Nagase died unexpectedly while walking home from her office job one night, and she suddenly finds herself in front of a man dressed in white. The man introduces himself as God and apologizes for his mistake that resulted in her untimely demise, vowing to make it up to Kaoru by reincarnating her into another world. The next world's goddess, Celestine, reforms Kaoru's body and gives her all the concessions she asks for

 The series is set in the near future, when an automobile company named JHC Motors is depicted to have created the Watch Cars, which are miniature sentient robotic cars that are supposed to have become good companions to children and adults alike. Watch Cars are depicted to have become a global trend. There is a Battle League where Watch Cars and their trainers battle. Jino, one of the young Watch Car Masters, goes to the Watch Car Battle League with his Watch Car Blue-will, but The Rangers of Darkness an evil force to takeover al the watch cars in The city, Jino and his friends must stop them.
 The second season of Power Battle Watch Car.
 An ancient legend tells of a magical Powerstone that granted its owner any wish desired. Adventurers from all over the globe clash as they seek this mystical gem.Based upon the Dreamcast game, POWERSTONE tries to entertain us with the story behind the game's premise. The plot begins with our hero, Fokker, training to be a fighter like his idol, Vargas.(Source
 One day, in Sakura town, the slightly tipsy Satou Moe stumbles into a round cushion-shaped thing that turns out to be the cat Poyo. It was a fated encounter, so Moe adopts the stray. Many small daily-life adventures await the Satou family
 A special included in the Eiga Yes! Precure 5 GoGo! Okashi no Kuni no Happy Birthday movie.
 Love, Miki and Inori are on their way to a dance contest, but get lost on their way to Minato Mirai. Still looking for their way, they are attacked by a monster. When the three Fresh Precure girls start to fight it, other Precures show up to support them. They all have to combine their powers to win against this mighty enemy.
 Tsubomi Hanasaki is woken by her best friend Erika Kurumi only to find out that their two fairies, Coffret and Shypre, have left just leaving a note explaining where to find them. Fairy Park is not only the destination of both girls, it is also the meeting point of all other Precures who planned to spend this special day together. This magical theme park holds the Rainbow Jewel, a special gem that represents all of the hopes and dreams of the world. Such a powerful stone is the object of desire of a malefic entity named Bottom who has waited one thousand years for the opportunity to possess it.
 Precure 10th Anniversary Movie and 3rd Precure All Stars DX. Enemies are from all the Precure works.
 Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3
 New Precure All Stars movie.
 Mirai and Rico come to the human world to play, but are separated when the witch Sorciere and her servant Torauuma suddenly appear. Their aim is to acquire the tears of the 44 Precure girls, using them for her "Most Evil Magic." Only the friendship of all 44 Precure girls will allow them to protect the world.
 One day, the Pretty Cures receive an invitation to a party in their honor. Everyone is heading to the party venue, the school of fairies, but awaits a mysterious shadow. The shadow steals transformation objects! What can they do? If the Cures can not be converted are in big trouble! If this continues, the school, our world and everything else will deborado by that shadow! The 32 Pretty Cures will fight to protect everyone!
 In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere, were in love with the Pretty Cures, are dressing up and acting as their favourite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself.On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fuu-chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fuu-chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fuu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city!To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fuu-chan, all 28 Pretty Cures were gathered once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine.

 The story begins when the protagonist Hikaru meets aliens Lala, Prunce, and Fuwa while watching the night sky. She learns of the “Star Palace,” where the 12 Star Princesses of the constellations kept the balance of the universe until they were attacked. Lala is searching for the legendary Precure warriors to help find the 12 scattered “Princess Star Color Pens” and revive the princesses. When Fuwa is captured by an enemy, Hikaru wishes to save Fuwa, and a Star Color Pendent and a Star Color Pen appear to allow her to transform into Cure Star. From then on she works to collect the pens and raise Fuwa, who is the key to reviving the princesses.


 Shin Shirayuki Hime Densetsu Pretear is a long title which translates into "New Legend of Snow White Pretear". What makes Pretear special is the story. It's a magical girl show, but it's part Cinderella plus part Snow White and a dash of bishounen! You will see a lot of fairy tale parallels with this anime series.On her way to school, Himeno meets a little boy who asks her to take his hand. When she does, she faints and later wakes up staring up at a dark haired bishounen!The bishounen who helps revive her turns out to be Hayate, one of the seven knights of the Earth. They were looking for Shin Shirayuki Hime Densetsu Pretear (the legendary magical girl that can help them save the Earth from ruin and destruction). Hayate, the more temperamental of the seven believes that Himeno is the girl they are looking for.The story is not just about Himeno and the seven knights. It is also about her home life and her father, Kaoru. Kaoru and Himeno are very close to each other. Natsue, Kaoru's new wife, is jealous of the closeness that Himeno and Kaoru share. Natsue also has two spoilt daughters, Mawate and Mayune. Her father, Kaoru, is so enamoured with his new wife, and the life he is living, that he assumes Himeno is happy too.
 Misumi Nagisa is an extremely sporty, popular student who hates studying, and has a very extreme sense of justice, Yukishiro Honoka is a top student who appears to be elegant, but is actually very clumsy. They are both second year students at the Verone Middle School for girls. One night Nagisa and Honoka meet Meppuru and Mippuru, strange creatures falling from the sky.They have fled to earth because the evil Dotsuku-zone has overcast their homeplanet, Hikari no Sono. Meppuru and Mippuru award Nagisa and Honoka the power to transform so they can fight in order to protect Earth. The two girls, who have totally different interests and personalities, unite their powers and fight against the enemies that are sent out from the Dotsuku-Zone. Will they be able to protect Earth?!
 Shortly after the fall of the Wicked King, the Queen of the Garden of Light lost her memory and came to Earth, in the form of a 12-year-old girl named Hikari Kujou. Now, she--with the help of Nagisa and Honoka, endowed with new costumes and powers--must find the 12 Heartiels, which hold the key to restoring the Queen's lost memories. For together once again, they are Pretty Cure.
 In the middle of a karaoke contest, Saki and Mai find that time has suddenly stopped. Following some spirits, they wind up in the Land of Clocks where they find Sirloin, a warrior from Dark Fall who is keeping the Infinite Clock hostage.Naturally, Pretty Cure won't stand for this, and they begin to battle. But can they stop fighting with each other first?
 Though a little clumsy and easily brought to tears, Usagi Tsukino is a typical 14-year-old girl in her second year of junior high. However, all of that changes when an encounter with Luna, a mysterious talking black cat, whose head bears the mark of a crescent moon, results in the animal bestowing a magical brooch upon her. Now Usagi can transform into Sailor Moon, a magical girl in a sailor uniform who protects love and peace!Usagi is appointed as a guardian of justice and is tasked with the search for the legendary Silver Crystal, a magical artifact that holds immense power, as well as finding the other Sailor Guardians and the lost princess of Luna's home, the Moon Kingdom. Her mission isn't without opposition, however; Queen Beryl, ruler of the Dark Kingdom, wants to claim the Silver Crystal and take its power for her own.Though she still has to worry about her school, family, and love life, it is up to Sailor Moon and the other Sailor Guardians to save the day![Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Ayase Naru is an 8th grader who can see the colors of music when she listens to it. For Naru, who is extremely good at decorating, becoming the owner of a shop like Dear Crown was her dream. One day, she finds out that the manager of a newly-opened shop is recruiting middle school girls who can do Prism Dance, and immediately applies. Naru begins to Prism Dance at the audition, and an aura she's never experienced spreads out in front of her. At that moment, a mysterious girl named Rinne asks her if she can see rainbow music.
 A selection of the best episodes from the first three series of the Pretty Rhythm franchise
 Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rhythm are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen. However, the road to success is bumpy.
 Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rizumu are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen; however, the road to success is bumpy.
 Prism Stars are performers on the new popular ice show, Prism Show. They are superidols whose techniques, singing and fashion sense are a cut above all others. Aira and Rhythm are two Prism Stars whose goal is to become the best, the Prism Queen. However, the road to success is bumpy.
 Three years have passed since the events of Aurora Dream... At Pretty Top, a new generation of girls dreaming of being Prism Stars have endeavored through their training. One day, Ayami, Karin and Reina find themselves on the same stage as their predecessors, when Ageha Mia suddenly jumps up on stage and demands to challenge the legendary Prism Show unit MARs.To keep this challenge, the 4 girls are sent to become a new Prism Show unit, Prizmmy?. As the girls waver and then jump back up, they deepen their friendship and aim for their debut together. To add to it all, 5 girls have come from abroad to Japan to study at Pretty Top to have their debut as well. In order to meet their future, the girls stand on the stage, and the show starts.
 Three years after the events of "Pretty Rhythm
 Naru Ayase is an 8th grader who can see the colors of music when she listens to it. For Naru, who is extremely good at decorating, becoming the owner of a shop like Dear Crown was her dream. One day, she finds out that the manager of a newly-opened shop is recruiting middle school girls who can do Prism Dance, and immediately applies. Naru begins to Prism Dance at the audition, and an aura she's never experienced spreads out in front of her. At that moment, a mysterious girl named Rinne asks her if she can see "rainbow music."
 The series is about an extreme form of sport known as "Stride." It involves 6 players on a team that runs relay races in towns. The story takes place at Honan Academy where first year high school students Takeru Fujiwara and Nana Sakurai try to recruit members for their "Stride" club. They request Riku Yagami to join with the help of Takeru and Nana. Their goal is to compete and win the "End of Summer," a top competition hosted in Japan alongside other schools.
 Echizen Ryouma is a young tennis prodigy who has won 4 consecutive tennis championships but who constantly lies in the shadow of his father, a former pro tennis player. He joins the Seishun Gakuen junior highschool, one of the best tennis schools in Japan, and there along with his teamates he learns to find his own type of tennis in an attempt to defeat his biggest obstacle of all
 The new OVA title marks the 10th anniversary of the anime.
 Seigaku travels to England to play a tournament representing Japan but they are attacked by a group of street tennis players who were banned from playing official tournaments because of their rough play.
 2011
 Confined in the castle tower by her father princess Arete spends her days watching the world outside her window. Sometimes she seeks out to watch the common people at work. The knights of the kingdom compete for the right to marry her and rule the land by competing to see who can find powerful magic objects made by a long dead race of sorcerers. Arete wants none of this. She longs to meet the common people and travel to exotic lands she has only seen in the books she keeps hidden under her bed. One day the sorcerer Boax arrives in a fantastic flying machine to take Arete as his wife and fly off with her to his far away castle.
 The protagonist wakes up with no memories in an unfamiliar location. The protagonist then meets girls and comes closer to uncovering a hidden mystery.
 Second season of Princess Connect! Re
 Arima Teppei is a second-year high school student who lost both of his parents in a traffic accident on their way home from a family trip. His grandfather, Arima Isshin, happens to wield the puppet strings in Japan's vast economy and demands that Teppei becomes his successor as the head of the Arima Group. To prepare for his debut into high society, Teppei enrols in an elite academy for the scions of the rich and powerful.
 DVD specials.
 Specials included on the Princess Lover! Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 Arima Teppei is a second-year high school student who lost both of his parents in a traffic accident on their way home from a family trip. His grandfather, Arima Isshin, happens to wield the puppet strings in Japan's vast economy and demands that Teppei becomes his successor as the head of the Arima Group. To prepare for his debut into high society, Teppei enrols in an elite academy for the scions of the rich and powerful.
 Promo-like shorts, featuring Maria as a magical knight.
 While fighting to save his village from the attack of a demon-god Ashitaka comes in contact with it and is inflicted with a deadly curse. In his search for a cure he is forced to leave his village forever and journey to the forest inhabited by animal gods. There he finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and a village led by lady Eboshi.
 Led by a hot-shot young "natural", nine young women defy the male-dominated tradition of Japanese sports... not to create a League of their own, but to take on the boys on their own artificial turf and prove there's nothing a man can do that a woman can't do just as well!The hallowed stadiums of Japanese baseball become a battlefield as the bats crack, the sweat flies and every hard-earned run becomes another step in the long road-trip to victory! Sizzling sports action and gripping drama intertwine as nine young women come together in the heat of athletic competition to become the Princess Nine!
 Keiko Himuro, Chairman of the Kisuragi School, puts together an all-girl baseball team led by Ryo Hayakawa, daughter of a legendary pitcher, in hopes of proving that girls can compete just as well as boys. Their goal
 The boy-school Tooru transferred has a strange system. A student who is chosen as Hime (princess) must be disguised in woman's clothes at every opportunity in order to add beauty to manly life. Tooru is selected as the candidates for Hime. At first, he refuses, but knowing that Hime has various privileges, he makes up his mind to become it.
 The stage is set during the 19th century London, in its capital where a wall divides the east and west of the Kingdom of Albion. Five high school girls, who enrolled in the prestigious Queens May Fair School, are involved in spy activities that involve disguise, infiltration, car chase, and more. These girls take advantage of their special abilities and fly around the shadow world.
 Picture dramas bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
 The film is set in London at the end of the 19th century and after the attempted assassination of the Imperial princess in the television anime. The Empire is increasing counter-spy actions in the wake of the incident, and finds Control, the Commonwealth group in charge of covert operations against the Empire, at unease and suspecting its spy within the royal family as a double agent. Control assigns their spy ring Dove with a new mission to extract a secondhand bookstore owner and deliver him to Commonwealth hands. Ange, Dorothy, and Chise successfully spring the bookstore owner from an Imperial prison. Control also assigns Dove to make contact with Bishop, their spy within the royal family, to ascertain their loyalties.
 The second out of six movie sequels to the TV series.
 The film is set in London at the end of the 19th century and after the attempted assassination of the Imperial princess in the television anime. The Empire is increasing counter-spy actions in the wake of the incident, and finds Control, the Commonwealth group in charge of covert operations against the Empire, at unease and suspecting its spy within the royal family as a double agent. Control assigns their spy ring Dove with a new mission to extract a secondhand bookstore owner and deliver him to Commonwealth hands. Ange, Dorothy, and Chise successfully spring the bookstore owner from an Imperial prison. Control also assigns Dove to make contact with Bishop, their spy within the royal family, to ascertain their loyalties.
 The problem with assassinations is that bullets are cheap, fanatics are fanatical, and even when an attempt fails, there's always a chance for follow-ups. So even if the attack on Prince Richard by a supposed foreign sniper fails to put his royal highness six feet under, it soon becomes clear that it's open hunting season for Royals when assassins strike again. Now Team White Pigeon's priorities must be split between locating the deadly Cavorite bombs smuggled into the country and protecting Princess Charlotte's sister Mary, the next in line... which, given that Charlotte herself is also a target and currently posing as White Pigeon's Ange, only redoubles the peril she's already found herself in! The fuses are primed, and the timers are counting down in the second shocking and explosive installment of Princess Principal

 Hiyorimi Hiro has just moved to the city to meet his sister. Since their parents died, he and his sister Sawawa have lived apart. Now, Sawawa has gotten a new job as the caretaker of a creepy old mansion, and has sent Hiro a letter asking him to come and stay there with her. While walking down the street, he saves a young woman clad in Gothic clothes from being crushed by construction beams, but ends up losing his own life in the process. The girl then resurrects him, leaving him alive in the hospital morgue. He wakes up confused over what happened, only to encounter the woman again as she eliminates some wolf creatures. She addresses Hiro as her servant and introduces herself as Hime (Japanese for "Princess") and explains that she is a member of the royal family of the Monster Realm.All members of the royal family are endowed with the power to turn a dead body into an immortal warrior, who will serve and protect them, and become semi-immortal. Hiro is now Hime's immortal warrior, but she herself is not immortal yet, which is why she needs help from warriors. The story then follows Hiro as he assists Hime in killing creatures that have been sent by her siblings to attack her in the competition for theMonster Kingdom's throne.
 When Hiro Hiyorimi tries to save a beautiful young woman from certain death, he ends up a dead hero himself! However, since the drop-dead girl is Hime, daughter of the King of the Monsters, his "reward" is to come back as a not-quite-living soldier in her honor guard of horror! That means helping fight off the army of supernatural monstrosities Hime's siblings are unleashing against her in hopes of moving up the ladder of succession.And if facing off with vampires and zombies isn't bad enough, how can anyone be prepared for the REALLY weird ones, like were-sharks, pandas and killer dumplings? This sure as hell isn't the afterlife Hiro was hoping for, but the really sad part is that Hime is the good girl in all of this... or at least as close to good as you can come when you're on the wrong side of the gates of hell!(Source
 In the year 1885, the story follows Sarah Crewe, a young daughter of a wealthy English father, Ralph Crewe, living in British-ruled India. She starts attending an all-girl's seminary boarding school in London, where she excels in her studies and is loved deeply by many of her friends and classmates. Tragedy strikes when Sarah's father passes away and her family goes bankrupt, leaving her to become a poor orphan. The school's headmistress, Miss Minchin, takes advantage of this situation and makes her a maid in the school, trying hard to make her life as miserable as possible. However, Sarah, with the help of her friends, perseveres and tries to endure all her hardships until redemption comes at last.
 Kinkan-chou is a circular shaped town surrounded by castle walls. With its calm scenery including a park, a theatre, lines of shops, it looks as if just any ordinary town... but its slightly unusual? The people who live there are all nice, but they are including cats, crocodiles, all of which can speak!In this town, there is a large performing arts school, Kinkan-gakuen, where a girl named Ahiru learns ballet. She is a little clumsy but tries as hard as anyone else, and is always scolded and made fun of but also loved by her friends, Pike and Ririe.Ahiru has an upperclassman, a boy whom she is fond of, Mytho. He is very good at dancing, not so talkative, but handsome; he is Ahiru's Prince. However, Ahiru feels Mytho's eyes look lonely. Just once, she would love to see her Prince smile! With those wishes in mind, she continues to work hard with her ballet lessons. But Mytho has a very beautiful, smart girlfriend, Rue, who is even better than him at dance. To think that someone like herself would be able to dance with Mytho is just a dream in another dream. Will Ahiru be able to become a Princess and dance with her Prince?
 Manaka Lala is a 5th-grader at Paprika Academy. Like most girls, she admires the world of PriPara, a sport that tests idol girls on song, dance, and fashion. Unfortunately for her, the world of PriPara does not send PriPara tickets to elementary school students. However, through miraculous circumstances, Lala passes the audition to become a PriPara idol.

 Second season of PriPara
 Third Season of Pripara series.
 PriPara the Movie
 PriPara Movie.
 Falulu is far away in the heart of the PriPara world in Puransu. The sparkle is disappearing from the idol sacred ground PriPara, and Falulu sends an SOS message to Laala and her friends. If the sparkle doesn't return, the PriPara world itself will disappear. Laala and her friends try to help Falulu, and they work together to save the PriPara world.
 The Sablum Empire has been attempting to take over the Kingdom of Windland for many years, and are now plotting with the mercenaries Sister Hell and Darkness Knight to start a new offensive using powerful beings called Angels. Hyaweh, a carefree yet talented swordsman, and Priecia, who just might be the lost princess of Windland, are enrolled at the Knight's Academy in Windland to hone their skills in swords and sorcery. There they meet many friends and allies who can help them protect their homeland from the impending invasion.
 A series of shorts parodying the main series Prism Ark.
 * An exclusive OVA produced for PAJAMAS SOFT 10th Anniversary-Project Prism Magical
 A victim of endless bullying, Aito Eyama is plagued by his classmates' constant taunts and beatings. However, through a fortuitous turn of events, he receives a strange invitations for the "Captivity Game," where victory promises unbelievable wealth. To participate, he must accept the role of captor and choose one victim to imprison for a month. For Eyama, the only choice is Aya Kirishima, the ringleader of his bullies and the source of all his suffering. The rules of the game are simple
 On the outskirts of Tokyo stands Hachimitsu Private Academy, a storied all-girls boarding school for elite young women full of potential and good breeding. But as the new school year rolls around, one tradition is going out the window
 Located on the outskirts of Tokyo, Hachimitsu Private Academy is a prestigious all-girls boarding school, famous for its high-quality education and disciplined students. However, this is all about to change due to the revision of the school's most iconic policy, as boys are now able to enroll as well.At the start of the first semester under this new decree, a mere five boys have been accepted, effectively splitting the student body into a ratio of two hundred girls to one boy. Kiyoshi, Gakuto, Shingo, Andre, and Jo are quickly cast away without having a chance to make any kind of a first impression. Unable to communicate with their fellow female students, the eager boys set their sights on a far more dangerous task
 The OVA featured the previously unanimated "Mad Wax" arc from the manga. Bundled with a limited edition of the manga's 20th volume.
 Layton receives a letter from the famed opera singer, Jenis Quatlane, inviting them to see her newest performance. She also asks Layton, Luke and Remi for assistance in a mystery, saying her friend Melina died one year ago, but returned later as a seven year old girl saying she had found the secret of eternal life, and she also knew all the secrets that only the true Melina could know. Naturally, the case fascinates Layton and his apprentice, so they head to the Crown Petone opera house, but Remi stays in London, searching for some girls that went missing in there.The opera was about a lost kingdom, The Kingdom of Immortals; once, there was a beautiful queen that loved music. She was beloved by everyone in the kingdom. But one day, the queen became very ill. The people of the kingdom toiled to find a cure, but medicine couldn’t help. The queen finally passed away, and right after, the cure was completed
 Sixteen years have passed since a mysterious alien ship crashed on Earth. Graviton City, once leveled by the ship's crash, is now a bustling metropolis. Within the city's high school, superhuman high school student A-Ko Magami dukes it out with the diabolical genius B-Ko Daitokuji, who will stop at nothing to win the friendship of A-Ko's buddy C-Ko Kotobuki. Meanwhile, in outer space, another alien ship is on course towards Earth to find its planet's lost princess.(Source
 Three weeks after the incident that left Captain Napolipolita's ship balancing on top of Graviton City, A-Ko and the gang go on summer vacation. While A-Ko ponders losing some weight and B-Ko devises another plan to defeat her redheaded rival to win C-Ko, Napolipolita and Spy-D experience severe homesickness - begging for a way to return to their home planet. Meanwhile, Hikari Daitokuji - B-Ko's father and the CEO of the Daitokuji Financial Group - arms the local military with new mecha to attack Napolipolita's ship and obtain its advanced technology.
 Three weeks after the incident that left Captain Napolipolita's ship balancing on top of Graviton City, A-Ko and the gang go on summer vacation. While A-Ko ponders losing some weight and B-Ko devises another plan to defeat her redheaded rival to win C-Ko, Napolipolita and Spy-D experience severe homesickness - begging for a way to return to their home planet. Meanwhile, Hikari Daitokuji - B-Ko's father and the CEO of the Daitokuji Financial Group - arms the local military with new mecha to attack Napolipolita's ship and obtain its advanced technology.(Source
 In the middle of another break from school, A-Ko dreams of finding the perfect boyfriend. Because of this, she and C-Ko get into an argument that leads to C-Ko running away and nearly getting hit by a motorcyclist named Kei. While working part-time at a fast-food restaurant to raise money for a party dress, A-Ko meets Kei and immediately falls in love with him. B-Ko happens to like him as well; however, both A-Ko and B-Ko are unaware that C-Ko is the apple of Kei's eyes.(Source
 In Iraq, a group of archaeologists discover ancient relics that prophecize the coming of a superior race and the end of all civilization. Meanwhile, back in Graviton City, as A-Ko and B-Ko's rivalry over Kei intensifies, Mr. Daitokuji sets up an arranged marriage between Miss Ayumi and Kei. Furious over the engagement, both A-Ko and B-Ko do whatever it takes to prevent the wedding from going through. Little do they know that another alien fleet is on its way towards Earth.(Source
 When in kindergarten a boy gets involved in an accident that is horrible damaging his arm. Somehow the doctors manage to save it. Now, several years later, his arm seems to become the focus of strange events, as it turns out that it's more than just a normal arm. Because of that a secret organization is out to get hold of him and the power he possesses.
 A boy gets involved in an accident when in kindergarten, horribly damaging his arm, but the doctors somehow manage to save it. Now, several years later, his arm seems to be becoming the focus of strange events as it turns out to be more than a normal arm. Meanwhile, a secret organizations is out to get hold of him and the power he possess.
 The 2nd Chapter continues the story of Takatsuki Ryou and his companions quest to discover the secret of the mysterious A.R.M.S. they all possess and what the future may hold for them. They now know where the answers lie but to get to them they must fight a desperate fight of survival against a powerful military corporation that wants their secrets no matter what the cost.
 The 2nd Chapter continues the story of Ryo Takatsuki and his companions' quest to discover the secret of the mysterious A.R.M.S. they all possess and what the future may hold for them. They now know where the answers lie but to get to them, they must fight a desperate fight of survival against a powerful military corporation that wants their secrets no matter what the cost.(Source
 In this exhilarating series paying homage to classic 50s era science fiction, the disappearance of revolutionary G-Reaction engines is but the beginning of the ghastly end for mankind.While deranged alien forces prepare a fleet of flying saucers to the invasion of all invasions, teenage geniuses Penny Carter and Billy Kimura join forces with a clandestine secret alliance to save humanity from the extra-terrestrial helmet worms and their tentacles of doom!Avoiding alien attacks and dodging disintegration rays won't be easy, but these courageous kids will have help from above as Ace pilot James and his mentor Cpt. Clayton enter the fray to stave off a threat incomprehensible to mere mortals!
 In this exhilarating series paying homage to classic 50s era science fiction, the disappearance of revolutionary G-Reaction engines is but the beginning of the ghastly end for mankind.While deranged alien forces prepare a fleet of flying saucers to the invasion of all invasions, teenage geniuses Penny Carter and Billy Kimura join forces with a clandestine secret alliance to save humanity from the extra-terrestrial helmet worms and their tentacles of doom!Avoiding alien attacks and dodging disintegration rays won't be easy, but these courageous kids will have help from above as Ace pilot James and his mentor Cpt. Clayton enter the fray to stave off a threat incomprehensible to mere mortals!
 Project Scard depicts the encounters and battles of those who have tattoos which possess the sealed powers of divine beasts and gods. The story is set in the Akatsuki Special Zone, a lawless zone in Tokyo."Helios" are those who use the ability of the tattoos to protect the city, "Artemis" are committed to maintain security and control, whilst having a strong commercial motive, and the "Public Security Special Service" are Scard Staff of the metropolitan police department. They live through the turbulent days to keep on going.

 Thirty years ago, a new race of flame-wielding mutants suddenly appeared, destroying a large portion of humanity. These so-called “Burnish” have continued to appear at random, leaving a trail of death and destruction in their wake.The autonomous republic of Promepolis is a thriving nation thanks to the incredible efforts of their leader, Kray Foresight, against the Burnish. A team of firefighters known as the Burning Rescue is tasked with stopping these horrifying monsters, using the most performant technology available thanks to their incredible mechanic Lucia Fex. Galo Thymos is an energetic young man, who considers Foresight his hero for saving his life and is the rescue team's most recent recruit.A terrorist group calling themselves Mad Burnish has been causing havoc all over the nation. After an encounter with Mad Burnish leader Lio Fotia, Galo sets out on his fated journey to find the truth about these mutants, ultimately leading him to question everything he previously held to be true.
 Thirty years ago, a new race of flame-wielding mutants suddenly appeared, destroying a large portion of humanity. These so-called “Burnish” have continued to appear at random, leaving a trail of death and destruction in their wake.The autonomous republic of Promepolis is a thriving nation thanks to the incredible efforts of their leader, Kray Foresight, against the Burnish. A team of firefighters known as the Burning Rescue is tasked with stopping these horrifying monsters, using the most performant technology available thanks to their incredible mechanic Lucia Fex. Galo Thymos is an energetic young man, who considers Foresight his hero for saving his life and is the rescue team's most recent recruit.A terrorist group calling themselves Mad Burnish has been causing havoc all over the nation. After an encounter with Mad Burnish leader Lio Fotia, Galo sets out on his fated journey to find the truth about these mutants, ultimately leading him to question everything he previously held to be true.
 A prequel set one day before the events of the Promare film.

 A prequel set one day before the events of the Promare film.
 A direct continuation of Side
 In 21st century, a new standard which allow to categorize a person as a gifted one is established. This can be done by measuring his/her special power called aura. Saikikku academy is a government owned special education for gifted children. The entrance into the school regulation is carried out by judging the aura characteristic of a person. Although the background story of the anime looks serious, it's actually a high-school-love-comedy genre.
 * Based on the seinen manga by Katsu Aki, serialised in Magazine Z.In the 21st century, a new method to categorize a person as a gifted one is established. This can be done by measuring his/her special power called Aura. The Saikikku Academy is such a special education facility for gifted children. To be accepted you only need to be considered gifted.Note
 Shinrei Tantei Yakumo, aka Psychic Detective Yakumo, tells a story about a college student, Saitou Yakumo who is born with different eye colours. His red left eye gives him a special ability to see ghosts and spirits. He believes ghosts and spirits are bound to earth because of a certain cause, and simply eliminating that cause will let those spirits rest in peace. Being asked for help by Ozawa Haruka, they begin the investigation together.
 There are two kinds of people in the world, normal and psychics. Psychics are rare, powerful and feared. Burn Griffith met and befriended one of them, Keith Evans, two years ago. Now he has been looking for his friend, but when he finally succeeds, something's not right. The world has changed, and so has Keith.
 There are two kinds of people in the world, normal and psychics. Psychics are rare, powerful and feared. Burn Griffith met and befriended one of them, Keith Evans, two years ago. Now he has been looking for his friend, but when he finally succeeds, something's not right. The world has changed, and so has Keith.
 In a dark world of private terror Yuki, a beautiful pop star, is haunted by violent memories and discovers psychic powers she cannot control. It is up to Bosujima, a Psycho Diver with exceptional talents to descend into her turbulent soul and set things right before the inner demon triumphs. What he does not know is that there are others who will stop at nothing to control Yuki's fate and that he is stepping into a power struggle he will probably not survive...
 Nyanya is a psychotic orange cat with only one thing in mind
 In the future, it is possible to quantitatively measure a person's emotions, desires, and every inclination. In this way, it is also possible to measure a person's criminal tendency factor, which is used to judge criminals.This is the story of a team of policemen dedicated to maintaining public order. Some of them work in the Enforcement Division, responsible for the apprehension of criminals, while others belong to the Supervisory Division which oversees their colleagues in Enforcement.
 Justice, and the enforcement of it, has changed. In the 22nd century, Japan enforces the Sibyl System, an objective means of determining the threat level of each citizen by examining their mental state for signs of criminal intent, known as their Psycho-Pass. Inspectors uphold the law by subjugating, often with lethal force, anyone harboring the slightest ill-will; alongside them are Enforcers, jaded Inspectors that have become latent criminals, granted relative freedom in exchange for carrying out the Inspectors' dirty work.Into this world steps Akane Tsunemori, a young woman with an honest desire to uphold justice. However, as she works alongside veteran Enforcer Shinya Kougami, she soon learns that the Sibyl System's judgments are not as perfect as her fellow Inspectors assume. With everything she has known turned on its head, Akane wrestles with the question of what justice truly is, and whether it can be upheld through the use of a system that may already be corrupt.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 A sequel to the Psycho-Pass series.
 Third season of Psycho-Pass.
 The film will conclude the story of season 3 on the case of the "Foxes" being pursued by Unit 1, the Bifrost mystery, and Arata and Kei's battle.
 Due to the incredible success of the Sibyl System, Japan has begun exporting the technology to other countries with the hope that it will one day be used all around the world. In order to test its effectiveness in a foreign location, the war-torn state of the South East Asian Union (SEAUn) decides to implement the system, hoping to bring peace and stability to the town of Shambala Float and keep the population in check.However, a group of anti-Sibyl terrorists arrive in Japan, and the Ministry of Welfare's Public Safety Bureau discovers significant evidence that the invaders are being aided by Shinya Kougami, a former Enforcer who went rogue. Because of their past relationship, Akane Tsunemori is sent to SEAUn to bring him back, but with their last meeting years in the past, their reunion might not go quite as planned.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 "Is it okay if I claim this case as mine, Senpai?"In the winter of 2117, a runaway vehicle crashes into the Public Safety Bureau Building. The driver is identified as Izumi Yasaka, a psychological counselor at the Sanctuary, a Latent Criminal Isolation Facility in Aomori Prefecture. But right before her interrogation, Enforcer Mika Shimotsuki and Inspector Nobuchika Ginoza are tasked with promptly escorting Yasaka back to Aomori. What awaits them there is a False Paradise.
 Enforcer Teppei Sugou, former ace pilot of the National Defence Army's 15th Integrated Task Force, is visited by a scout from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and invited to rejoin the military. While considering the offer, he recalls his last months of service.His last mission, Operation Foot Stamp, had been a highly classified military strike against the Southeast Asian Union. The operation quickly went south for the ground forces, and Sugou's First Guardian drone was ordered in as air support to drop emergency supplies for the ground units and then return to base. Following orders against his own judgement, Sugou abandoned his comrades on the field.Many lives were lost during the operation, including Itsuki Otomo, Sugou's commanding officer. However, three months later, following a massacre at the Ministry of Defence, Otomo was spotted at the scene on camera. Now a suspect in an act of terrorism, Sugou cooperates with Enforcer Tomomi Masaoka and CID Division One as they hunt his former mentor down.
 Enforcer Teppei Sugou, former ace pilot of the National Defence Army's 15th Integrated Task Force, is visited by a scout from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and invited to rejoin the military. While considering the offer, he recalls his last months of service.His last mission, Operation Foot Stamp, had been a highly classified military strike against the Southeast Asian Union. The operation quickly went south for the ground forces, and Sugou's First Guardian drone was ordered in as air support to drop emergency supplies for the ground units and then return to base. Following orders against his own judgement, Sugou abandoned his comrades on the field.Many lives were lost during the operation, including Itsuki Ootomo, Sugou's commanding officer. However, three months later, following a massacre at the Ministry of Defence, Otomo was spotted at the scene on camera. Now a suspect in an act of terrorism, Sugou cooperates with Enforcer Tomomi Masaoka and Criminal Investigation Department's Division 01 as they hunt his former mentor down.
 "Could you become my teacher?"Following the incident in the Southeast Asia Union (SEAUn) in 2116, Shinya Kogami resumes his vagrant journey. In a small South Asian nation, Kogami rescues a bus of refugees under attack by armed guerrilla forces. Among the refugees is a young lady by the name of Tenzin, who begs Kogami to teach her how to retaliate against the enemy. Just what do the girl who wishes for revenge and the man who has exacted revenge see as they gaze upon the edge of a world from which there is no escape?
 The Garadain Empire has exhausted the primary resources of their native planet, so they send different space expeditions to find a new world where to live. One of their main objectives is planet Earth. However, Zeku Alba, an alien scientist, decides to rebel against the imperial rule and flees towards the Earth, where he gathers a group of youngs gifted with the power of "psychogenesis", an ability that consists in creating solid matter from mental energy.The most gifted of the squadron is Isamu, a young orphan whose family was killed in the first attack of the Garadain Empire. He is able to generate the powerful robot Govarian, an armor with which he can battle the alien monsters and is able to regenerate thanks to the psychic energy of the pilot. Helped by two other robots created by his team-mates, Isamu, aboard the robot Govarian, defends the Earth in the long war against the alien invaders.
 Pucca is a cute and energetic 10 years old Korean girl. Working as a delivery girl for the restaurant of her parents, she has one love obsession, Garu, and will do anything to kiss him!Garu is an aspiring ninja, often followed by his cat Mio. He's shy and always has to try to escape from Pucca's traps. But she will absolutely never give up!Good thing both of them like chocolate!
 Pucca is the young daughter of a Chinese noodle house owner and she is hopelessly in love with the ninja Garu. He tries desperately to avoid Pucca's advances and usually does not return her affection. This results in many comical situations as Pucca goes to great lengths just to steal a kiss from Garu. Expect to see lots of "funny love" antics involving everything from noodles to deadly ninjas.
 Petite Princess Yucie follows the adventures of country-girl Yucie as she is admitted by chance to the prestigious Princess Academy, where the daughters of royalty and nobles attend to learn magic, dance, etiquette, defense, art and music. There, she experiences many things in her quest to collect the "fragments" of the Eternal Tiara in hopes that she may become the legendary Platinum Princess, who is chosen every 1,000 years. Yucie, along with the four other Princess candidates who are initially her rivals but are won over by her offer of friendship, must grow in heart--if not in height--to become worthy of the Tiara. Yucie is a spunky heroine who is a genius of smiles, and who, despite her common lifestyle, is actually the daughter of a noble and former hero who has retreated from courtly life and lives in the countryside.
 The "Project Sekai Anniversary Festa 2021" event announced on Sunday that production on a mini anime adaptation of Sega's Project Sekai

 From the popular game "THE [email protected]", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games.
 From the popular game "THE [email protected]", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. One day, 765 Pro idols Ami and Mami bring in the mysterious Petit-dols "Afuu" and "Yukipo"!? More and more Petit-dols gather at the offices where everyone works. Leisurely enjoy their daily lives full of laughs and happenings.
 One day, an ordinal high school girl, Ma$%^&* (her name is left to your imagination), met Cheko, who was a maid came from a village of maids. She could melt, fly, and pull her head off... Anyway, strange people began to come, for example, a snow fairy who disliked cold, a large squid that could speak, scary persons, and the like. Pugyuru is a world of absurdity drawn by a hope of comedy.
 The stage sets in a world where guinea pig became car. The car that makes you relax "Molcar". Having big round eyes, curvy butt and speedy limbs, they always explore the world with their innocent faces. Even during traffice jam, you can be eased just by looking at the butt of that Molcar in front of you. Even when they cause troubles, their furry cutieness will somehow make you forgive them!? Surrounded by situations only met by cars, it's a Mol-animation filled with cure, friendship, adventure and furry actions!
 New series for Pui Pui Molcar.
 Torn apart by its long, brutal war with the Republic of Frost, the Royal Empire can finally begin to rebuild. Faced with famine, plague, renegade soldiers, and corruption within its own government, the Empire is hard pressed to soothe its people and heal its wounds.For this purpose, the Imperial State Section III has been formed for the purpose of war relief. Named Pumpkin Scissors by its 2nd Lieutenant, the noblewoman Alice L. Malvin, the unit is considered a joke and criticized as a farce of the Empire to quell its peoples' complaints and squander funds.Regardless of its reputation as a carefree branch with its misfit members, the members of Pumpkin Scissors diligently work to relieve the war damage suffered by the people and root out the corruption that has taken hold, and truly be the war relief they were meant to be.During a mission three years after the unit was founded, Pumpkin Scissors stumble across a mysterious war veteran, Randel Oland, who joins them, entranced with the concept of war relief. It does not take long for other members of S.S. III to notice his peculiar blue lantern and heavy gun, and that the unit he says he belonged to in the war... does not exist.
 A ceasefire put an end to the long war between the Royal Empire and the Republic of Frost. Three years later, the Empire is still plagued by starvation, pestilence, and soldiers turning into bandits. To aid in the war relief effort, the Empire created the Intelligence Army State Section III, also known as the Pumpkin Scissors.Considered a waste of resources by some, and just an instrument of propaganda by others, the Pumpkin Scissors still takes their role in the country's reconstruction seriously. One day their life starts to change when a certain corporal with a mysterious past joins the team.(Source
 The series follows Yuuta Iridatsu, whose spirit has been separated from his body.
 Watanabe Poemi (a.k.a. Kobayashi) is a 10-year-old girl with aspirations of being a famous voice actress. Unfortunately, her school grades are bad and her voice acting is even worse. But when a mysterious alien kills her parents and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo, Poemi grabs a talking fish, skins it into a wand and becomes the magical girl Puni Puni Poemii to save the day.
 Poemi Watanabe (a.k.a. Kobayashi) is a 10-year-old girl with aspirations of being a famous voice actress. Unfortunately, her school grades are bad and her voice acting is even worse. But when a mysterious alien kills her parents and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo, Poemi grabs a talking fish, skins it into a wand and becomes the magical girl Puni Puni Poemi to save the day.
 Independent short animation by Shingo Tamagawa.
 Himeji Wakaba is a 5th year elementary school student, and she has the ability to see things that others can’t. They are mostly frightening evil spirits, and they tend to do bad things to people who are close to her. As a result, Wakaba has no friends and rarely smiles. On a couple of occasions, she brings home stray animals, but her parents won’t let her keep them.However, they’re worried about their sad, creepy daughter, so one day they decide that whatever Wakaba brings home next, they’ll let her keep. The next thing she brings home is a pink monster called “Pupipo”, but her parents stand by their decision and let her keep it. No one is quite sure what Pupipo is, but it protects Wakaba from the other things she sees. Pupipo also helps Wakaba make friends with an occult-obsessed transfer student and solve problems with bullying. Wakaba’s life is a much better place with her pet pink monster!
 The story takes place in Nikko city, Tochigi Prefecture, where girls aim for the top of the world through ice hockey. Local junior high school student Manaka and her younger sister Ayaka, whom she forcibly invited, hit the gate of first-hand experience with ice hockey, held by the Nikko-based team Dream Monkeys. The two are joined by their childhood friends Kaoruko and Mami. As the girls practice, they become fascinated with ice hockey and eventually join the team.
 Third-year junior high schooler Manaka Mizusawa is tasked by her teacher to put a poster up about a trial ice hockey class sponsored by the Dream Monkeys, their city's local professional team. Interested in attending the class herself, Manaka also persuades her younger sister Ayaka and her clubmates Kaoruko Yanagida and Mami Ono to join her.When the four gather at the gymnasium where the tutorial is held, they meet fellow third-year students Riko Saginuma and Naomi Takagi. As the girls practice their hearts out, their fascination for the sport increases, motivating them to play on a competitive level. Wanting to experience the unique and exciting memories that ice hockey can offer, the girls gradually form a team that has the potential to reach the top.
 The story revolves around a girl named Yuuka, who encounters a being from the depths of the Earth named Chii-chan (a pun of chiteijin, the Japanese word for underground-dweller), and an alien named Ucchan (a pun of uchuujin or alien). The story follows their heartwarming and chaotic everyday lives together.
 The series revolves around a playful young child named Shizuku-Chan. He, alongside his schoolmates, friends, and family lives a life of dangerous adventures in the Shizuku Forest.
 An anime adaptation of Sega's Phantasy Star Online 2 game's official web manga Puso Ni Comi
 Anime adaptation of GungHo Online Entertainment's 3DS game of the same name.
 Anime adaptation of GungHo Online Entertainment's 3DS game of the same name.
 The story centers on Mizutani Masayuki, an ordinary high school boy. His classmate Shimizu Sayaka lives in his home as a zealously intrusive maid, leading to uncomfortably erotic situations.
 Stop-motion animation about robots who only say "YoYo" and the rescue operation needed to help a robot duckling cross a river.
 A sequel to the full-length CG animation feature Biohazard
 United States Special Agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into a small Eastern European country to verify rumors that Bio Organic Weapons (B.O.W.s) are being used in war. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the B.O.W.s.(Source
 The Umbrella Incident that took place in Raccoon City was ended with the eradication of the deadly virus by a missile attack ordered by the government. As its operations were suspended on a global scale, Umbrella Corporation stock plummeted. This serious blow to the business giant resulted in its complete dissolution. 7 years later, at an airport somewhere in the United States. An ordinary autumn afternoon. One zombie is unleashed into this peaceful scene to attack everyone. In the airport starting to fill up with the undead, the horrific disaster is about to be repeat itself...The story is set to take place 7 years after the events depicted in the Biohazard and Biohazard 2 games (Resident Evil and Resident Evil 2 on the western market) featuring Leon S. Kennedy and Claire Redfield (both of who were the protagonists in Biohazard 2).
 The story is set in autumn 2005, one year after Resident Evil 4 game took place. Due to an as of yet unexplained reason, zombies appear in a United States airport. The release of the zombies leads to danger of an outbreak.
 The film will have a completely original story, and will feature characters from multiple games in the series, including Chris Redfield, Rebecca Chambers, and Leon Kennedy. CAPCOM producer Hiroyuki Kobayashi (Resident Evil 4, Sengoku Basara) is supervising the project.

 It is the year 2035, a world filled with advanced science and technology, sophisticated computer systems, audio/video multimedia converstions,world government unification, network wars by hackers, and the future world controlled by one huge multinational company. A 14-year old named Kang Maru, a boy with excellent manuevering skills in a RESTOL simulation game, was chosen by GEONOID, a company with the task of protecting the earth against natural calamities, to pilot RESTOL 03, one of the 5 RESTOLs, to rescue people in different calamities. Now, he and his teammates faces different challenges in their duty, including being hacked their space-based rescue station R-SAT.

 As master assassin Usui Yuen looks into a series of assassinations made on the grand samurai clan, the Satsuma, he encounters Kurima Raizo, member and survivor of one of the attacks. Together, they discover the true nature of these murders is bigger than over stolen resources. As they get closer to the truth, will they come out alive to exact revenge?
 As master assassin Usui Yuen looks into a series of assassinations made on the grand samurai clan, the Satsuma, he encounters Kurima Raizo, member and survivor of one of the attacks. Together, they discover the true nature of these murders is bigger than over stolen resources. As they get closer to the truth, will they come out alive to exact revenge?
 Just after Utena’s parents died she was consoled by a prince who gave her a ring with a rose crest on it. Utena was so impressed by the Prince that she vowed to become one herself one day. A few years later Utena is attending Ohtori Academy where she gives all the teachers headaches because she dresses in a boys uniform so she can be like the prince she met long ago. After Utena’s friend is insulted by a member of the Student Council, Utena fights in a duel for her friends honor.Utena’s rose crest allows her to enter the dueling arena where Utena wins the duel and becomes engaged to the Rose Bride. Unknowingly, Utena is pulled into a series of duels with other members of the Student Council for the possession of the Rose Bride. As she becomes fond of Anthy, the Rose Bride, she must fight to keep her friend safe and to discover the horrifying secret behind Ohtori Academy.
 Kazamatsuri, a modern, well-developed city renowned for its burgeoning greenery and rich Japanese culture, is home to Kotarou Tennouji, a high schooler least privy to the place's shared values. Content to fill his pockets with frivolity, the proud and nosey boy whiles away his time pestering the self-proclaimed delinquent Haruhiko, and indulging in his amorous feelings toward the oddball Kotori.Equipped with the superhuman ability to permanently rewrite any part of his body to multiply his strength or speed, Kotarou is naturally drawn to the supernatural. One special meeting with the lone member and president of the Occult Research Club, the "Witch" Akane Senri, leads to Kotarou reviving the Occult Club by recruiting Kotori and three other members
 The second season of the Rewrite series.
 At the dawn of time, the gods ruled the universe under the leadership of the mighty Tentei. But suddenly, the ferocious general, Taishakuten, appears, and destroys Tentei. Taishakuten declares that a new age has begun, and all who oppose him will die horribly. But legend says that a shimmering six-pointed star will rise into the heavens and restore the world to a golden age. The six points are six warriors, each with the power to move the stars and the hearts of all people...(Source
 The Solnoid race is long dead, annihilated along with their enemies in the final battle at Sigma Narse. But their descendants survive on Earth, and have now inherited the sad destiny predicted so many years before.The year is 2085.The third world war between East and West has reduced the cities of Earth to mountains of rubble. The mechanical killing machines created by both sides now ruthlessly hunt down the remnants of humanity. Old hatreds between human factions prevent an effective resistance, and the only hope for survival rests in a desperate plan
 The Solnoid race is long dead, annihilated along with their enemies in the final battle at Sigma Narse. But their descendants survive on Earth, and have now inherited the sad destiny predicted so many years before.The year is 2085.The third world war between East and West has reduced the cities of Earth to mountains of rubble. The mechanical killing machines created by both sides now ruthlessly hunt down the remnants of humanity. Old hatreds between human factions prevent an effective resistance, and the only hope for survival rests in a desperate plan
 Princess Sapphire is a girl raised as a Prince. Through the mischief of an angel, the princess is born with both a girl's body and boy's mind. Since there is no boy successor in her kingdom, Sapphire is raised as a boy, but evil ministers try to reveal her secret. Unable to put up with the kind of vicious conduct prevailing in the kingdom, Sapphire disguises herself as "Princess Knight" and wields her sword of justice.This is an animated version of the girls' manga featuring Sapphire's romance and adventure, which marked the first made-for-TV animated program geared towards girls in Japan.
 Princess Sapphire is a girl raised as a Prince. Through the mischief of an angel, the princess is born with both a girl's body and boy's mind. Since there is no boy successor in her kingdom, Sapphire is raised as a boy, but evil ministers try to reveal her secret. Unable to put up with the kind of vicious conduct prevailing in the kingdom, Sapphire disguises herself as "Princess Knight" and wields her sword of justice.This is an animated version of the girls' manga featuring Sapphire's romance and adventure, which marked the first made-for-TV animated program geared towards girls in Japan.



 In the future, an organization called the GGP has taken control of the world. Rin Ogata was a promising up-and-coming ballet dancer, but suffered a serious injury while dancing and decided to quit. Years later in college, she comes across a club building and soon finds herself intrigued by a transforming motorcycle-like robotic vehicle called a "Rideback". She soon finds that her unique ballet skills with balance and finesse make her a born natural on a Rideback. However, those same skills also get her into serious trouble with the government.
 Bean Bandit and his partner Rally Vincent are couriers for hire - transporting clients and delivering goods in his custom sports car "Roadbuster" for a hefty price. But when they are hired to escort a kidnapped girl named Chelsea to her home, they don't realize they're being framed for kidnapping as their former clients Semmerling and Carrie plan their escape with Chelsea's father and the ransom money.
 Bean Bandit and his partner Rally Vincent are couriers for hire - transporting clients and delivering goods in his custom sports car "Roadbuster" for a hefty price. But when they are hired to escort a kidnapped girl named Chelsea to her home, they don't realize they're being framed for kidnapping as their former clients Semmerling and Carrie plan their escape with Chelsea's father and the ransom money.(Source
 Curious kid Ridley and her friends protect the Museum of Natural History’s treasures and keep its magical secret safe
 Kokura Hikari is a first-year high school girl who loves rifle shooting. She entered Chidori High School because it had a shooting club, but finds that the club had been disbanded. She had only one day to find enough members to reform the club, but luckily was able to find three other first-year girls who she had met at a competition in middle school.Thus begins the daily activities of the Chidori High Shooting Club.
 Rifle-shooting sports are competitive activities testing accuracy and precision using a rifle. In Japan, carrying firearms is prohibited, so most of the participants are members of the defense force. When the use of rifles using a light beam instead of real bullets as ammunition became common, rifle-shooting competitions became accessible to the younger population, giving way to school contests.First-year high school student and marksmanship enthusiast Hikari Kokura has just transferred to Chidori High School. She tries to join the club of her choice, but finds out that the club no longer exists due to the low popularity of the sport. Distraught, she tries to restore the club and somehow manages to recruit three other members
 Yukimura Shinya and Himuro Ayame are two scientists that want to find out if love can be solved by a scientific theory. These two scientists also have feelings for each other and want to be able to solve their feelings through similar theoretical facts. With this perfect opportunity, these scientists will attempt to solve the theory of the love they express for each other.
 Yukimura Shinya and Himuro Ayame are two scientists that want to find out if love can be solved by a scientific theory. These two scientists also have feelings for each other and want to be able to solve their feelings through similar theoretical facts. With this perfect opportunity, these scientists will attempt to solve the theory of the love they express for each other.
 Second season of Rikei ga Koi ni Ochita no de Shoumei shitemita.
 Second season of Rikei ga Koi ni Ochita no de Shoumei shitemita.
 Child of Destruction is the sequel to the RIKI-OH OVA Wall of Hell. Child of Destruction tells us more of Riki's past, as we flash back to his childhood to learn the terrible fate of his mother and how he himself was taken away from his twin brother Nachi during a game of hide-and-seek, with Nachi's plaintive cry of "Are you ready yet?" haunting him through the years. Riki has a six-pointed star emblazoned on his hand, while Nachi has a swastika on his, the significance of which go unexplained. Riki finds himself in the town of Misaki, dotted with illegal nuclear power plants and run by a religious fanatic military organization called "God's Judgment." He is taken prisoner and made to fight in gladiatorial matches in a sprawling arena. He finds his brother, whose special powers have given him the name of "Savior," but his reunion with his resentful sibling turns sour rather quickly. Part 2 is much gorier than Part 1, with Riki smashing his fists into numerous soldier opponents with far less restraint.
 A Retelling of the prison arc of the manga RIKI-OH!The story follows Saiga Riki-Oh, a young man blessed with inhuman strength. After taking revenge against a yakuza boss who was responsible for the death of his girlfriend, he ends up in a maximum security prison owned by a private organization. The prison is divided into four blocks, each run by a member of prisoners known as the Gang of Four. The first member is a tattooed knife wielder known as Hai that runs his block in a mafia style family system. The second member is a giant man (known as Tarzan in the live action) with incredible strength. The third member is a effeminate fighter named Huang Chaun that is growing Opium in the prison. The final member is a small man that use sewing needles as his weapons.
 Mao Onigawara is a happy 8-year-old grade-schooler and the granddaughter of Chief of Staff of Ground Defense Force. Equipped with her cloverleaf-shaped badge which enables her to transform (but gives her no special power whatsoever), Mao and her best friends (granddaughters of Chief of Staff of Air and Marine Defense Force, respectively) will defend Japan against the invasion from "cute aliens," who are way too cute to be dealt with by regular armed forces.
 To celebrate 15th Anniversary in 2018, San-X's Rilakkuma will get short anime series that will be streamed exclusively on Netflix in spring 2019.

 Grab your tickets and get in line for a new series of stop-motion adventures with Rilakkuma and Kaoru! Join Rilakkuma, Korilakkuma, Kiiroitori, and Kaoru as they explore an amusement park in its closing hours when Rilakkuma's Theme Park Adventure arrives next year.
 Grab your tickets and get in line for a new series of stop-motion adventures with Rilakkuma and Kaoru! Join Rilakkuma, Korilakkuma, Kiiroitori, and Kaoru as they explore an amusement park in its closing hours when Rilakkuma's Theme Park Adventure arrives next year.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title.
 In order to fulfill their dead father’s wish, the siblings, Takane Kiku and Takane Ryuji aims for the champion title of the boxing arena. The sister, Kiku, will act as the trainer while her brother, Ryuji, will concentrate on the role of the boxer and learn the Boomerang. His battle with many rivals has led to the growth and maturity of Ryuji. The junior high boxing tournament has began and Ryuji will be fighting with his arch-rival, Kenzaki Jun. The battle begins.
 In order to fulfill their dead father’s wish, the siblings, Takane Kiku and Takane Ryuji aims for the champion title of the boxing arena. The sister, Kiku, will act as the trainer while her brother, Ryuji, will concentrate on the role of the boxer and learn the Boomerang. His battle with many rivals has led to the growth and maturity of Ryuji. The junior high boxing tournament has began and Ryuji will be fighting with his arch-rival, Kenzaki Jun. The battle begins.
 The story of "Ring of Gundam" takes place in a new era long after the events of the first Mobile Suit Gundam series' One-Year War. In this world setting, a giant 600-kilometer-wide ring now floats in lunar orbit. An Earth Federation Forces member named Eiji discovers an object called "Beauty Memory" buried in a high-altitude, massive rockbed on Earth.
 A baby lamb named Chirin is devastated when his mother is killed by a wolf who raids the farm in the night. Seeking revenge, he must become like the very thing he wishes to destroy, and he must venture far beyond the safety his home and childhood into the wilderness to seek the fearsome Wolf King.

 Madoka is the lone member of her school’s Jersey Club. She is one day recruited by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot the robot “Vox” and protect her city from space invaders. They are joined by a third girl, Muginami, who has a different goal than Ran. Meanwhile, they still don’t know their enemies’ true goal, or what “Rinne” might be
 Madoka is the lone member of her school’s Jersey Club. She is one day recruited by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot the robot “Vox” and protect her city from space invaders. They are joined by a third girl, Muginami, who has a different goal than Ran. Meanwhile, they still don’t know their enemies’ true goal, or what “Rinne” might be
 Second part of Rinne no Lagrange.
 Madoka Kyouno is an energetic girl who is full of passion. As the proud, and only, member of the Kamogawa Girls' High School Jersey Club, she goes around helping people in need.Madoka's life is turned upside down when she is suddenly asked by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot a robot. Motivated by her desire to protect the people and city of Kamogawa, Madoka agrees to pilot the resurrected Vox robot to fight against extraterrestrials that have come to attack Earth.(Source
  Rinne no Lagrange short specials included in the Rinne no Lagrange Blu-rays and DVDs.
 Rinshi!! Ekoda-chan is a fun and dark a 4-koma manga about the real (?) life of the author, a single woman in Tokyo who drifts through relationships and works at various hostess clubs and the like. Lots of commentary on "birds of prey" (moukin), girls who use their cuteness and affect stupidity in order to try to score men (against whom the author is constantly fighting).
 Rinshi!! Ekoda-chan is a fun and dark a 4-koma manga about the real (?) life of the author, a single woman in Tokyo who drifts through relationships and works at various hostess clubs and the like. Lots of commentary on "birds of prey" (moukin), girls who use their cuteness and affect stupidity in order to try to score men (against whom the author is constantly fighting).
 Mint Clark arrives at Howard Resort with her multimillionaire grandfather. Tired of amusement parks and beaches, Mint spots the beautiful dealer Rio, also known as the “Goddess of Victory.” While Mint is captivated by her smile, a man named Orlin Dunhill appears before them and attempts to steal Mint’s precious stuffed bear. Rio must play poker to save Mint.
 The "Howard Resort Hotel" is an entertainment destination where people gather from around the world to grab huge fortunes. In the casino is a beautiful female dealer named Rio Rollins, known far and wide as the "Goddess of Victory".In order to approach closer to her mother, one of history's greatest dealers, she does battle to gather up the legendary cards called "gates". Those who gather all 13 gate cards are presented with the title MVCD (Most Valuable Casino Dealer), proof that they are a top dealer.Set in a vast resort, an exciting battle begins with rival dealers that'll take your breath away! Throw in some "supreme comedy" and a story that makes you cry when you least expect it, these cute and sexy girls will explode off your screen! With everyone's cheer of "Leave it to Rio!", Lady Luck'll be with you, too!
 Nicoletta is a young woman who decides to go to Rome to see her mother who left her when she was a child. she plans to tell her mother`s lover(a resurant owner who will not marry a divorced woman)that her mother was once married. Nicoletta latter struggles to understand her feeling for Claudio(an older man) who works at the restaurant.
 When my friend recommended this to me I thought to myself "well, she's usually pretty good when it comes to anime, maybe I'll give Rizelmine a little shot." I'm not going to trust my friend so easily again.Story
 Hasegawa Subaru enters a basketball club of Nanashiba High School, but the activity of the club gets suspended because the club leader falls in love with an 11 year old daughter of the coaching teacher. Subaru's aunt asks him to coach a basketball club of elementary school girls. At first, he is reluctant to teach small girls, but he devotes himself to the club as he knows the complex circumstances of them.
 Second Season of Ro-Kyu-Bu!
 Ro-Kyu-Bu! OVA bundled with the PlayStation Portable game "Ro-Kyu-Bu!

 Neo Tokyo, the year G.C. (Galaxy Century) 0051, which marks a half century since first contact was made. Humans have obtained super light-speed navigation technology and formed a commonwealth of planets with aliens. A streak of bad luck is continuing for self-proclaimed freelance reportage writer Robby Yarge, who is around 30 years old. He fails at work, so his contract is cut. His girlfriend leaves him, he nearly dies in a traffic accident, and debt collectors come after him.One day, a bag snatcher steals Robby's bag, and a young man helps him. Hatchi Kita, an 18-year-old part-time worker, catches the criminal and returns Robby's bag. Robby offers him his gratitude and a meal in return. The pair discover they are complete opposites and soon part ways.However, Hatchi turns up again in Robby's life as a debt collector. Hatchi explains that it's his part-time job working for the loan shark Yan. A cat-and-mouse chase begins, and Yan's Finance president Yan takes his subordinates Aro and Gra along for the ride. Robby manages to elude Hatchi and escape to space while shaking off Yan's group. Robby thinks of escaping to Isekandar, a distant and legendary planet in the Milky Way that is said to bring happiness to those who go there. Though Robby thought he had escaped to space alone, he discovers Hatchi inside his spaceship. The two decide to travel across the galaxy together in search of Isekandar.
 Neo Tokyo, the year G.C. (Galaxy Century) 0051, which marks a half century since first contact was made. Humans have obtained super light-speed navigation technology and formed a commonwealth of planets with aliens. A streak of bad luck is continuing for self-proclaimed freelance reportage writer Robby Yarge, who is around 30 years old. He fails at work, so his contract is cut. His girlfriend leaves him, he nearly dies in a traffic accident, and debt collectors come after him.One day, a bag snatcher steals Robby's bag, and a young man helps him. Hatchi Kita, an 18-year-old part-time worker, catches the criminal and returns Robby's bag. Robby offers him his gratitude and a meal in return. The pair discover they are complete opposites and soon part ways.However, Hatchi turns up again in Robby's life as a debt collector. Hatchi explains that it's his part-time job working for the loan shark Yan. A cat-and-mouse chase begins, and Yan's Finance president Yan takes his subordinates Aro and Gra along for the ride. Robby manages to elude Hatchi and escape to space while shaking off Yan's group. Robby thinks of escaping to Isekandar, a distant and legendary planet in the Milky Way that is said to bring happiness to those who go there. Though Robby thought he had escaped to space alone, he discovers Hatchi inside his spaceship. The two decide to travel across the galaxy together in search of Isekandar.
 Bomahead is about a girl and a robot who live in a junkyard. The robot claims he wants to fight for justice with hero-like abilities, but everything always turns out wrong. The mystery behind the girl and the robot are unraveled through a rapid succession of unexpected turn of events.
 The series will depict college students as they prepare and participate in a RoboMasters tournament.
 9 of Japan's leading animators were asked to create a short segment that followed the theme of "Robots," for their inclusion in this film. Essentially, this "movie" is 9 short films, all independant of one another. The common element is human interaction with robots, namely the consequences of creating life with one's own hands, played in nine very different ways.(Source
 9 of Japan's leading animators were asked to create a short segment that followed the theme of "Robots," for their inclusion in this film. Essentially, this "movie" is 9 short films, all independant of one another. The common element is human interaction with robots, namely the consequences of creating life with one's own hands, played in nine very different ways.(Source
 The story revolves around a new team of “Toei robot girls” named “Team Z” that is made up of three girls based on Toei’s Mazinger Z franchise

 Robot Girls Z+, the new Robot Girls Z anime, will be six monthly shorts that will debut next spring. The protagonists of Team Z will appear in the new shorts, along with the reformed Team G, Team LOD, Team Gou, and characters that first appeared in the franchise's online game. The new shorts' story will be based two classic "Toei Manga Matsuri" films, Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo) and Great Mazinger tai Getter Robo G - Kuuchuu Dai-Gekitotsu (Great Mazinger Vs. Getter Robo G - The Great Space Encounter).
 Bonus episodes 3.5, 6.5, and 9.5 included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases.
 Five kids pilot a giant robot to defeat evil space aliens and their devilish space mecha.
 The seventh movie in the popular Korean movie series Robot Taekwon V.
 A promotional anime made with Tezuka Productions and Kanagawa's Industrial Labor Bureau to showcase a future where there is harmony between humans and robots.
  Made in America from three unrelated anime. The first part tells of humanity’s first contact that ends in a war. Rick Hunter is a pilot who gets dragged along with the SDF-1 and joins with them to stop the invaders. Lyn Minmei is a singer who Rick rescues and falls for. Together they try to save the Earth and end the war without fighting, but with love. The second part deals with children of the first, the rebuilding complete; we send the SDF-3 to attack the masters. While it travels out in hyperspace to their worlds, the masters crawl into our solar system. The Earth must fight a devesting second war for a secret prize. Someone else wants the prize, the Invid. The third part gives us a world controlled by the Invid. The SDF-3 sends a probing force that is destroyed upon exiting hyperspace. A single survivor remains, a man taught to fight, with the will to free Earth. He forms a resistance with the goal of destroying the Invid hive at Reflux Point, aka New York.
 After the original run of the television series, an OAV music video titled Genesis Climber Mospeada


 Alien giant robots came to the tensionfilled North- and South Korean border. The communist and the capitalist Korea both try to convice them to fight on their side against the other.
 In 2019, Kaito Yashio is a member of his school’s robotics club and a fan of fighting games. His classmate Akiho is a world renowned programmer of fighting games. Together they decide to create an actual giant robot and seek help from their friends.
 It has always been the aspiration of the Central Tanegashima High School Robotics Research Club to complete the GunPro1, a fully functioning giant robot. For years, the members of the club have contributed to its progress and it is now Akiho Senomiya's goal to finally make the dream of all the past club members become a reality. However, things are not as easy as they seem as the club lacks the funding for such a huge endeavor. Aside from that, the only other club member, Kaito Yashio, shows no interest in assisting his childhood friend and instead indulges in playing mecha-fighting games on his "PokeCom."As Kaito is in the middle of wasting his days, he receives an indecipherable message and hears a voice that seems to be drowned out by the noise of static. He searches for the source, only to realize that it came from Airi Yukifune, an AI which only exists within the augmented reality system accessible via the PokeCom. Robotic;Notes follows the story of Kaito as he discovers a peculiar report in Airi's database, one that would have disastrous consequences in the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Welcome to the Hidden Leaf Village. The village where Uzumaki Naruto, star of the TV show "Naruto" makes his home. Every day, countless powerful ninjas carry out missions and train to hone their skills. Our main character is one of these powerful ninjas...but it's not Naruto! It's the ninja who can't use ninjutsu, Rock Lee! In spite of his handicap, Lee has big dreams. He works hard every day to perfect his hand-to-hand combat skills and become a splendid ninja! And to achieve his dream, he puts in more effort than anyone else. Under the hot-blooded tutelage of his teacher Guy, he works alongside his teammates Tenten and Neji. Watch the Beautiful Green Beast Rock Lee train, go on missions, and have all sorts of adventures!(Source
 When Yukari Morita decided to look for her missing father who disappeared in the South Seas, she had no idea how far her journey would take her. Just traveling to the Solomon Islands is a long way for a high school girl to go on her own, but then Yukari runs into an astronaut from the Solomon Space Association, which has been trying to build a rocket powerful enough launch a man into space.Upon meeting the petite Yukari, however, SSA director Nasuda realizes that she's small enough to go up in a less powerful rocket the SSA has already built! So he offers her a deal
 The Dematerialization Phenomenon, in which the real world becomes digital, has become a problem and must be resolved immediately. After hearing of this incident, Netto and Rockman left off after their father and Network Researcher, Yuuichirou. He also had found news of an invasion in the computer of the Trinity Brain trust company

 Beast+ continues from where Beast left off, though it is marketed as a stand-alone series. Episodes are reduced to approximately ten minutes in length, airing in the thirty minute time-slot Oha Coliseum alongside the Saru Getchu anime. Beast+ consists of a string of arcs beginning with the appearance of the Professor and Zero (both from Mega Man Network Transmission).
 A comet burns in the sky, its brilliant light shining down upon the people of Earth. At that time, a giant army of viruses invade the real world, crushing everything in their path. Netto and Enzan use cross fusion to intervene, but are whisked away to an unknown location, only to be confronted by the one responsible for the attack - Duo!
 Maeda is a new student in the Teiken High School. He stutters when he's nervous and he's rather clumsy. He gets noted immediately because he hits a teacher during the entrance ceremony. Some clubs search to enlist him as they see in him a force they can use to get even with other clubs. But Maeda is a loner and has only one dream
 Sistina attends a magical academy to hone her skills in the magical arts, hoping to solve the mystery of the enigmatic Sky Castle. After the retirement of her favorite teacher, the replacement, Glen, turns out to be a tardy, lazy, and seemingly incompetent bastard of an instructor. How is it that Glen was hand-picked by the best magician in the academy?!
 Sistina attends a magical academy to hone her skills in the magical arts, hoping to solve the mystery of the enigmatic Sky Castle. After the retirement of her favorite teacher, the replacement, Glen, turns out to be a tardy, lazy, and seemingly incompetent bastard of an instructor. How is it that Glen was hand-picked by the best magician in the academy?!
 Due to his family's financial circumstances, young Koutarou is forced to live in a small apartment (rokujouma) on a budget of 5000 yen a month. On the plus side, he lives rent free, but on the minus side, that is because room 106 of Corona Apartments is cursed.As it turns out the ghost is a cute young girl, and hijinks ensue when she tries to drive him out. Between the haunting, Koutarou's nosy neighbours, and a self-styled magical girls flying to the unneeded rescue, there is way too much for the impoverished young man to handle.
 Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality.While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix.
 Two mad scientists, Professor Hiiragi and Count Collection, simultaneously manage to open a dream hole to an alternate world where myths are real, the Sixgate world. Professor Hiiragi recruits his daughter Rokuna and her friend Mondo to be the Mon Colle Knights and help him in obtaining six magical items before Count Collection does. These items which can alter the barriers of dimensions when combined, allowing them to be used to either peacefully have the magic of the Sixgate world cross over in the human world, take over the minds of all monsters, or worse, reformat reality.While this entry only has details based on the Japanese version, it also includes the version aired on Jetix.
 In the year 1999, humanity begins to advance beyond the solar system. The planet Gishin, led by the Emperor Zule, which aims to conquer the galaxy, runs into conflict with Earth. He targets Earth for elimination and to do this, he sends a baby called Mars to live among humanity. Accompanying the baby is a giant robot named Gaia, which utilizes a new power source strong enough to destroy an entire planet. As planned, Mars is expected to grow up, where he will activate the bomb within Gaia to fulfill the mission of destroying the Earth. However, when Mars arrives on Earth his is adopted into a Japanese family and given the name Takeru. Seventeen years later, Takeru would grow up with a love for humanity and refuses to detonate the bomb as ordered by Zule. However, if Takeru was to die, the bomb within Gaia would explode destroying the earth.Takeru possesses psychic powers ( ESP ) and decides to join the Earth defense forces and becomes a member of the Crasher Squad (an elite space defense force) where he and his friends take a last stand against the Gishin's attack.The relationship of Takeru with his brother Maag, which fate would have it, pitted the two against each other in the war.Unknown to the Gishin five other robots were created in secrecy along side Gaia by Takeru's father and sent with Gaia to protect Takeru. Whenever Earth is in danger, Takeru is able to summon the five other robots to combine with Gaia form the giant robot Godmars. The five other robots are Sphinx, Uranus, Titan, Shin and Ra.
 The movie is just a recap of the TV series.A.D. 1982, the planet alignment brought the human beings ordeal we should overcome, and it caused a convulsion on the Earth. During the conflict, a light fell on to the Myojinsho reef, and five lights scattered around the Earth as if they followed it.17 years had passed since then. A.D. 1999, human beings had developed all of the solar system, and began to embark for outer space. The Earth Defense Army organized an elite squad, Crasher, to provide for various happening in space. Myojin Takeru was the member of the team. He was found in the light fell on to the Myojinsho reef. Actually he was Mars who was born on the planet Gishin. When he grew up, he heard unearthly voice,“Mars, stop the Earthians’ advancement to the space. Explode the Earth”He was a living triggering device that had been sent by Emperor Zure, who plotted to conquer the universe. However, Mars, who had been raised as an Earthian, rejected the order, and made up his mind to face the severe fate.
 Ten years after the Great Tokyo War, each prefecture in Japan has split up into independent nations. Each nation is ruled by a prophet called "Mosa" and an army called "Mob" as they start to compete to take over other countries. Four "Mob" girls from the Saitama clan, Nozomi, Yukina, Ai, and Chiaya, are ordered by their "Mosa" to travel around Japan riding their motorcycles to mediate multiple battles between nations and clans as they emerge.
 Short specials included with the Blu-rays and DVDs.
 This is a story of a young and tragic love, set in the aerial city of Neo Verona. Tyranny rules this island in the sky after the Montague family took control 14 years prior. The disparity among the wealthy and poor is apparent in the present state, the earth dries and water stagnates. The sky itself is wrapped in a deep dense fog. Both Romeo and Juliet’s lineages are of present and past ruling families of Neo Verona.Romeo is the son of the current Montague dictator, Juliet (a beautiful woman) masquerades as a man (Odin), she’s the last descendent of Capulet the previous rulers who were killed by an assasin’s dagger 14 years ago. Her true background is not to be revealed to her until her 16th birthday. The cruel hands of fate introduces 2 people who will become “Star Crossed Lovers”.
 In the floating continent of Neo Verona, the Montague family seized control and murdered every member of the Capulet family with the exception of Capulet's daughter, Juliet Fiammata Asto Capulet. 14 years later, Juliet and the remnants of Capulet's retainers live hidden from the iron fist of the Montague family. Juliet has long forgotten the murder of her family or her identity, and cross dresses as Odin and the town's hero of justice, "Red Whirlwind." A sudden escape in her daily escapades leads her to meet Romeo Candorebanto Montague, the kind son of the tyrannical Montague. Destiny has been set as these two individuals soon to be "star-crossed lovers" are cruelly toyed with by fate in the midst of war. Loosely based on the play by William Shakespeare.
 Thousands of years ago, the evil emperor Talpa attempted to conquer the Earth. Defeated, he was banished to the Nether Realm and his armor was divided into 9 separate suits. Now, he has returned to conquer Earth, having reclaimed 4 of the suits. The other 5 are in the possesion of those who are the only hope of stopping him
 Thousands of years ago, the evil emperor Talpa attempted to conquer the Earth. Defeated, he was banished to the Nether Realm and his armor was divided into 9 separate suits. Now, he has returned to conquer Earth, having reclaimed 4 of the suits. The other 5 are in the possesion of those who are the only hope of stopping him

 Due to poor grades, Tsukune Aono, an average high school student, has been unable to get accepted into any private academy of his choice. By exceptional accident, the only school to accept him turns out to be anything but ordinary; the school is attended by youkai disguised as humans. Fearing for his life, he attempts to escape only to meet Moka Akashiya, a beautiful girl who just happens to be a vampire. Despite this, Tsukune decides to stay at the academy, hiding his human nature from students and teachers. Tsukune also discovers that when the rosary around Moka’s neck is removed, her true nature emerges.
 A year has passed since Tsukune was sent to the Youkai academy. Tsukune has gotten used to life there, or so he thought. As a second year, he and the girls are looked up to by the juniors. On the first day back to school, a sudden encounter with Shuzen Kokoa, takes a turn for the worst. What Adventures or should we say, misadventures await our human, vampire and friends?
 Due to poor grades, Tsukune Aono, an average high school student, has been unable to get accepted into any private academy of his choice. By exceptional accident, the only school to accept him turns out to be anything but ordinary; the school is attended by youkai disguised as humans. Fearing for his life, he attempts to escape only to meet Moka Akashiya, a beautiful girl who just happens to be a vampire. Despite this, Tsukune decides to stay at the academy, hiding his human nature from students and teachers. Tsukune also discovers that when the rosary around Moka’s neck is removed, her true nature emerges.
 Raised from birth as a man, the Lady Oscar commands the palace guards at Versailles in the years before the French Revolution. Her beauty and noble spirit make her a shining figure in the eyes of both men and women but she is torn between her chosen life of service and duty to class and country and her own heart and desires. She lives as a noble amidst the opulence of Versailles but her keen senses and compassion are not blinded to the poverty of the French people.
 On the show, the Roswell UFO Incident which is part of a conspiracy theory is portrayed as being a man made phenomenon. It was set up by humans to deflect popular attention from the truth. The unidentified flying object was a prop; the body of a little green or grey man was a dummy; the witnesses to the crash were plants; as were the Air Force investigators. In fact the whole shadow world surrounding Area 51 was nothing but a distraction from the fact that the aliens had landed long ago and there were known incidents of their desire to attack, assimilate and/or destroy the human race.
 The Z Project was intended to give the new generation a break from caring for the old. The original intenion was to create a machine to care for them without any intervention. At first glance, it looked like an excellent plan, and many of the younger generation approved of its application. But when old Mr. Takazawa become the test subject for the Z-001 machine, Haruko questioned both the tactics of the hospital and the moral implications of the machine. This is just the beginning, as Haruko has not just the hospital, but the odds against her. But then, she discovers an odd quirk about the machine
 Due to a deep trauma at school Sakurada Jun has refused to return. He spends his time in his room, surfing the web and ordering anything that takes his fancy, only to return the items just before payment is due. One day, he finds a web site that tells him to put his order in a drawer of his desk. He does so thinking it to be a joke, only to find that the letter disappears and a strange package arrives soon afterwards.It contains an exquisite doll, that, when wound, comes to life. She treats him as a servant of little worth, but over time helps him come to grips with his fears and in the life-or-death fights that soon follow her arrival.
 During the events of the original Rozen Maiden, after circling "yes" on a paper and agreeing to wind an unknown "something," a traumatized Jun Sakurada fights alongside the lifelike dolls known as the Rozen Maidens. But what would have happened if Jun had circled "no"?Jun, having gotten over his school trauma from his younger days, spends his time attending college and working in a bookstore. However, he does not feel as though he belongs anywhere. One day, he finds a book containing instructions on how to make a Rozen Maiden. Mysteriously, when he arrives home that night, the second volume in the book series has been delivered to his house, along with some pieces of a doll. But as suddenly as they started arriving, the books stop coming, and Jun gets a notice that says that the books have ceased being published. With an incomplete doll in hand, and a message from his other self in another world, this Jun also finds his way into the world of the Rozen Maidens.[Written by MAL Rewrite]
 Traumatized by school, Jun Sakurada spends his days at home as a shut-in, purchasing things online, only to send them back before the free trial period ends. So when a note appears on his desk, asking whether or not he would wind something, he assumes it was something he ordered and carelessly circles "yes," changing his life forever.A box arrives with a wind up doll inside, but this is no ordinary toy
 Due to a deep trauma at school Sakurada Jun has refused to return. He spends his time in his room, surfing the web and ordering anything that takes his fancy, only to return the items just before payment is due. One day, he finds a web site that tells him to put his order in a drawer of his desk. He does so thinking it to be a joke, only to find that the letter disappears and a strange package arrives soon afterwards.It contains an exquisite doll, that, when wound, comes to life. She treats him as a servant of little worth, but over time helps him come to grips with his fears and in the life-or-death fights that soon follow her arrival.
 Due to a deep trauma at school Sakurada Jun has refused to return. He spends his time in his room, surfing the web and ordering anything that takes his fancy, only to return the items just before payment is due. One day, he finds a web site that tells him to put his order in a drawer of his desk. He does so thinking it to be a joke, only to find that the letter disappears and a strange package arrives soon afterwards.It contains an exquisite doll, that, when wound, comes to life. She treats him as a servant of little worth, but over time helps him come to grips with his fears and in the life-or-death fights that soon follow her arrival.
 Due to a deep trauma at school Sakurada Jun has refused to return. He spends his time in his room, surfing the web and ordering anything that takes his fancy, only to return the items just before payment is due. One day, he finds a web site that tells him to put his order in a drawer of his desk. He does so thinking it to be a joke, only to find that the letter disappears and a strange package arrives soon afterwards.It contains an exquisite doll, that, when wound, comes to life. She treats him as a servant of little worth, but over time helps him come to grips with his fears and in the life-or-death fights that soon follow her arrival.
 As Jun Sakurada fights and lives alongside the Rozen Maidens, special lifelike dolls made to battle each other, he enjoys a rare break in which he is told a story during the events of Rozen Maiden
 As the story of Rozen Maiden closes, a new chapter begins in Rozen Maiden
 The adventure of Hepoi, a hero of heporis, Ryuuto, the prince of Dragonia, Miiya Miiya a fairy looks like a cat, and Bunzaemon, a merchant, to defeat Dracunes, the King of dark side castles.
 The story begins 15 years after the demon king was defeated and the world has become peaceful. Kotone, who graduated from school and became a magician, inquired about the kingdom-affiliated RPG Real Estate in order to find a new home. In reality, RPG Real Estate was Kotone's place of employment, and together with Fa, a demi-human, the priest Rufuria, and the soldier Rakira, they help support the searches of new homes for the customers with various circumstances.
 Rumic World TV (2003) consists of thirteen independent series based on short stories from 1987-2000 by Takahashi Rumiko. The episode order is not sorted based on the year the story was written. For example, the first episode "Tragedy of P"'s story was written in 1991 while the last episode "Senmuno inu"'s story was written in 1994.
 Rumic World TV (2003) consists of thirteen independent series based on short stories from 1987-2000 by Takahashi Rumiko. The episode order is not sorted based on the year the story was written. For example, the first episode "Tragedy of P"'s story was written in 1991 while the last episode "Senmuno inu"'s story was written in 1994.
 Melos, a Greek country man gets arrested accused of conspiracy against the king. The king gives him three days to travel to his sister’s wedding while Selinentius the sculptor and friend of Melos stays as a hostage. Will he get back in time before the king executes Selinentius instead of him?
 In the year 2050 A.D, approximately 1/10th of Japan is now under water due to the global warming effect. The city of Tokyo was no exception.The economy of Japan is crippled from this disaster and the government is willing for anything to help revive the country. As a result, the Japanese government forms "JESAS", a military foundation that has evil intentions of controlling Japan's future. JESAS handles the dumping of nuclear wastes into outer space.To insure their protection from other countries, JESAS has developed "R.B." Robotic Weaponry, which is controlled by pilots with "A.I. (Accurate Intuition)". On the opposite side of the law is the "Green Frontier", a united protection agency that was formed by countries sharing the same beliefs, to save the Earth.Featuring JESAS pilots Kanna and Kazuto and Green Frontier's Doota Kang and Mira Yu, these four youngsters will decide the fate of the Earth through love, friendship and the passion for their duty.
  Louie is a mage student of the mage academy, and adoptive son of the director. But still, he sucks at magic. Instead, he has abilities for drinking, flirting and fighting in taverns. One day, he meets a party of girls (a priestess, a warrior and a thief) looking for a mage to join them to open a ruin entrance, but they absolutely rejects him due to his pathetic magic skills. But he refuses to be rejected, and then he tries to join them by force, only to interrupting a sacred ritual of Melissa (the priestess), revealing Louie as her master. Now, as the will of god Miley says, they have no choice but to accept them, and here begins the whole new adventure for this “mage”   Louie, a brawny student at the mage’s guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom.
 Louie, a brawny student at the mage's guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom.(Source
 Runway de Waratte starts with the story of Fujito Chiyuki, an aspiring fashion model and daughter of a fledgling Modeling Agency, Mille Neige. Ever since she was little, Chiyuki's dream was to be the star model of her dad's agency and perform at Paris Fashion Week. With great looks and a gifted environment, it seemed like she was on the right track to fulfill her dream, but she soon found herself faced with a seemingly insurmountable wall when her height stopped growing at 158 cm; too short to be a professional model.Although Chiyuki still kept on believing in herself for years despite everyone telling her it's impossible, Chiyuki's resolve starts to crumble as she enters her last year of high school. This is when she meets Tsumura Ikuto, a lame classmate with a surprising talent for designing clothes, who is also considering giving up his dream due to unfortunate circumstances. Together, they begin the journey of doing the impossible in order to realize their dreams.
 Runway de Waratte starts with the story of Fujito Chiyuki, an aspiring fashion model and daughter of a fledgling Modeling Agency, Mille Neige. Ever since she was little, Chiyuki's dream was to be the star model of her dad's agency and perform at Paris Fashion Week. With great looks and a gifted environment, it seemed like she was on the right track to fulfill her dream, but she soon found herself faced with a seemingly insurmountable wall when her height stopped growing at 158 cm; too short to be a professional model.Although Chiyuki still kept on believing in herself for years despite everyone telling her it's impossible, Chiyuki's resolve starts to crumble as she enters her last year of high school. This is when she meets Tsumura Ikuto, a lame classmate with a surprising talent for designing clothes, who is also considering giving up his dream due to unfortunate circumstances. Together, they begin the journey of doing the impossible in order to realize their dreams.
  Himura Kenshin is a vagabond with a dark past and sunny disposition. Not a ronin but a rurouni, he was never a samurai, but an assassin of utmost skill in the Meiji restoration, who in the turning point of the war simply walked away. His travels lead him to Tokyo in the 11th year of the Meiji era, where he befriends a female Kendo master, a former thief, a brawler and a doctor all with their own secrets. Together they fight off the enemies surfacing from the dark past that Kenshin cannot escape.
  Himura Kenshin is a vagabond with a dark past and sunny disposition. Not a ronin but a rurouni, he was never a samurai, but an assassin of utmost skill in the Meiji restoration, who in the turning point of the war simply walked away. His travels lead him to Tokyo in the 11th year of the Meiji era, where he befriends a female Kendo master, a former thief, a brawler and a doctor all with their own secrets. Together they fight off the enemies surfacing from the dark past that Kenshin cannot escape.
 Himura Kenshin is a vagabond with a dark past and sunny disposition. Not a ronin but a rurouni, he was never a samurai, but an assassin of utmost skill in the Meiji restoration, who in the turning point of the war simply walked away. His travels lead him to Tokyo in the 11th year of the Meiji era, where he befriends a female Kendo master, a former thief, a brawler and a doctor all with their own secrets. Together they fight off the enemies surfacing from the dark past that Kenshin cannot escape.
 The war against the Tokugawa Shogunate ended years ago. But there are some who are not happy with the outcome. Shigure Takimi watched his friends and family get slashed down in the name of freedom and prosperity. Now he and a band of desperate rebels have sworn to settle one final score. Only one man stands in their way
 Walking around in Yokohama, Kenshin, Sanosuke, Kaoru and Yahiko see a confrontation between some drunken western sailors and a Japanese woman. An armed samurai steps in front to protect the woman and soon a small riot breaks out with the samurai winning. The woman is actually the sister of a person Kenshin had killed at the end of the last dynasty. The samurai who introduces himself as Shigure Takimi is unknown to Kenshin, he is trying to start a new revolution to overthrow the Meiji government.
 Kaoru goes to the harbor every day to see if Kenshin has returned. After a while, she starts looking back at her life with Kenshin and all the things that have happened.
 When mankind's savagery surpasses his fear of death, there is little hope for those who wish to live honest lives. Beneath a full moon, a young boy witnesses the murder of the bandits who had enslaved him, and is then christened with a new name by the man who rescued him. This boy is Shinta, now known as Kenshin Himura, and he is destined to become a swordsman. The softness of his heart does not befit the occupation, but his desire to protect the innocent is absolute.Rurouni Kenshin
 When mankind's savagery surpasses his fear of death, there is little hope for those who wish to live honest lives. Beneath a full moon, a young boy witnesses the murder of the bandits who had enslaved him, and is then christened with a new name by the man who rescued him. This boy is Shinta, now known as Kenshin Himura, and he is destined to become a swordsman. The softness of his heart does not befit the occupation, but his desire to protect the innocent is absolute.Rurouni Kenshin
 Ten years have passed since the end of Bakumatsu, an era of war that saw the uprising of citizens against the Tokugawa shogunate. The revolutionaries wanted to create a time of peace, and a thriving country free from oppression. The new age of Meiji has come, but peace has not yet been achieved. Swords are banned but people are still murdered in the streets. Orphans of war veterans are left with nowhere to go, while the government seems content to just line their pockets with money.One wandering samurai, Kenshin Himura, still works to make sure the values he fought for are worth the lives spent to bring about the new era. Once known as Hitokiri Battousai, he was feared as the most ruthless killer of all the revolutionaries. Now haunted by guilt, Kenshin has sworn never to kill again in atonement for the lives he took, and he may never know peace until killing is a thing of the past.Now in the 11th year of Meiji, Kenshin stumbles upon Kaoru Kamiya, owner and head instructor of a small dojo being threatened to close its doors. The police force is powerless to stop the string of murders done in the name of her dojo by a man claiming to be the famous Battousai. Kenshin's wanderings pause for now as he joins Kaoru to clear both their names. But how long can he stay before his past catches up to him?
 Ten years have passed since the end of Bakumatsu, an era of war that saw the uprising of citizens against the Tokugawa shogunate. The revolutionaries wanted to create a time of peace, and a thriving country free from oppression. The new age of Meiji has come, but peace has not yet been achieved. Swords are banned but people are still murdered in the streets. Orphans of war veterans are left with nowhere to go, while the government seems content to just line their pockets with money.One wandering samurai, Kenshin Himura, still works to make sure the values he fought for are worth the lives spent to bring about the new era. Once known as Hitokiri Battousai, he was feared as the most ruthless killer of all the revolutionaries. Now haunted by guilt, Kenshin has sworn never to kill again in atonement for the lives he took, and he may never know peace until killing is a thing of the past.Now in the 11th year of Meiji, Kenshin stumbles upon Kaoru Kamiya, owner and head instructor of a small dojo being threatened to close its doors. The police force is powerless to stop the string of murders done in the name of her dojo by a man claiming to be the famous Battousai. Kenshin's wanderings pause for now as he joins Kaoru to clear both their names. But how long can he stay before his past catches up to him?
 Kaoru goes to the harbor every day to see if Kenshin has returned. After a while, she starts looking back at her life with Kenshin and all the things that have happened.
 A large scale remake of the time after Kenshin leaves Tokyo up until before the inferno of Kyoto.
 RWBY is a new animated series from Rooster Teeth, directed by Monty Oum. The story focuses on a group of four girls in their first year at a legendary academy where they will learn to fight monsters.
 Join the cast of RWBY in a new series of cute, comedy shorts with infinite possibilities! It's playing tag! It's baking cookies! It's posing as police officers! It's... really quite absurd. It's RWBY CHIBI!
 RWBY Chibi Season 2.
 RWBY Chibi Season 3.
 Season 2 of RWBY
 Season 3 of RWBY.
 Season 4 of RWBY.
 Season 5 of RWBY.
 Volume 6 of RWBY
 Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang have fought hard alongside their friends to bring the Relic of Knowledge to Atlas, the northernmost Kingdom in Remnant. However, the futuristic urban-sprawl may hide just as much danger as the Grimm-infested tundra that surrounds it. Enemies and allies will collide as our heroes fight to stop Salem's forces, but banding together is dangerous when you don't know who you can trust.


 Since ancient times, the world of Remnant has been under constant threat by the Grimm
 Ryman's Club is set in a badminton business group, depicting the two different aspects of daily life as a salaryman, as well as growth and conflicts as players. The anime follows Mikoto Shiratori, a prodigy badminton player who suffers from a trauma following a loss at the inter-high tournament. He becomes a salaryman at the Sunlight Beverage company and befriends Tatsuru Miyazumi, the best performing player and salesman in the team.
 The world of corporate badminton is not as easy as it seems. Although considered a former child prodigy, Mikoto Shiratori has not been living up to his potential as a badminton player for Mitsuhoshi Bank. Due to a past incident, Mikoto tries to transition from playing doubles to singles; nevertheless, he fails to produce positive results, much to his employer's dismay.After being fired from the bank, Mikoto is recruited by the Sunlight Beverage corporate badminton team. Surprisingly, not only do practices start in the evening, but he also has to work in the sales department of the company by day. While this is not a novel arrangement, Mikoto had thought he was invited solely to play sports. To make matters worse, he is forced to compete in doubles despite his reluctance.Struggling to adjust to his new professional life, Mikoto begins to doubt his decision to join the company. However, as he learns more about his latest teammates, he might just find the strength necessary to advance his badminton career.
 An animated motion picture about a real-life Buddhist monk and renowned poet, Ryoukan who lived in 18th century Japan, during the Edo Period. Though born to a wealthy family in Izumozaki, Ryoukan chooses to abandon the easy life he would have inherited in order to understand the true meaning of life through the teachings of Buddhism. From his early adulthood, he undergoes a series of harsh training that demands a solitary and meager lifestyle. Throughout it all, he remains an extremely modest and humble person, a true humanitarian who accepts every individual for who they are while rejecting all worldly fame and wealth. Ryoukan found true peace in life through nature and spending time with children. His pure mind and affable personality have captivated many, and his legacy and the wisdom of his teachings live on today.
 Following the conclusion of the National Middle School Tennis Tournament, 12-year-old tennis prodigy Ryouma Echizen sets out to the United States in order to further improve his tennis skills. While finding his own way to shine in the sport, Ryouma investigates a perplexing development
 Following the conclusion of the National Middle School Tennis Tournament, 12-year-old tennis prodigy Ryouma Echizen sets out to the United States in order to further improve his tennis skills. While finding his own way to shine in the sport, Ryouma investigates a perplexing development
 uzu is a 17-year-old high school student living in a rural village with her father. For years, she has only been a shadow of herself. One day, she enters "U," a virtual world of five billion members on the Internet. There, she is not Suzu anymore but Belle, a world-famous singer. She soon meets with a mysterious creature. Together, they embark on a journey of adventures, challenges, and love, in their quest to become who they truly are.Ryuu to Sobakasu no Hime tells a fantastical, yet beautiful and contemporary thematic story of one girl's growth in the age of social media.
 Suzu is a shy, everyday high school student living in a rural village. For years, she has only been a shadow of herself. But when she enters “U”, a massive virtual world, she escapes into her online persona as Belle, a gorgeous and globally-beloved singer. One day, her concert is interrupted by a monstrous creature chased by vigilantes. As their hunt escalates, Suzu embarks on an emotional and epic quest to uncover the identity of this mysterious "beast" and to discover her true self in a world where you can be anyone.Ryuu to Sobakasu no Hime tells a fantastical, heartfelt story of growing up in the age of social media.
 The story centers around the treasure of Nanana, a ghost who was once a beautiful but NEET (Not in Education, Employment or Training) girl. A boy named Juugo was disowned by his father and forced to transfer to a high school on the "Special Student Zone," an artificial island. With only 40,000 yen a month to live on, Juugo chooses a low-rent apartment that happens to be haunted by Nanana. Juugo and members of the school's adventure club join a "treasure hunt royale" on the island for the Nanana Collection, a treasure that possesses a mysterious power.
 Specials included on the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.
 A historical fantasy that unfolds a mysterious story between a high school girl from Urasoe and Satto, the king of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
 A historical fantasy that unfolds a mysterious story between a high school girl from Urasoe and Satto, the king of the Ryukyu Kingdom.
 The story is about a teenage boy who happens to be a shogi master. One day, a nine-year-old girl turns up at his house, requesting to be taken as his disciple. From there, all kinds of wacky hijinks ensue.
 The second series is to follow the events of the second video game, focusing on the lost continent of Mu. The ancient civilization vanished ages ago, and a few of its remnants still exist as myths and legends called UMAs (unidentified lifeforms). The UMAs begin merging with humans in order to search for the treasures of Mu, the powerful ooparts, which will give them the power to revive Mu. After Subaru and War-Rock encounter several unusual enemies, they meet a professor named Doctor Orihime who sends them on a quest to find the ooparts and stop the UMAs. Using the ooparts, Rockman is able to take new forms, including Thunder Berserk, Fire Dinosaur, and Green Shinobi.
 TV anime adaptation for Ryza no Atelier
 Set after the time of Sakura Taisen 4 (game), Kanzaki Sumire, during a training session was noticed that her spirit power (rei-ryoku) has dropped tremendously, below levels required to pilot the Koubu-nishiki. She decides to retire from the Kageki-dan while she still holds the position of "top star" in the dai-teikoku gekijyou.
 The story revolves around Haruka and Yuu, two girls who go to a high school that is slated to be shut down in three years. To share something special between them, they share a kiss, and their relationship deepens from that moment onward.
 Sakura travels to the capital with aspirations of defending the city from the demonic forces of the Black Sanctum Council like her father before her. However, things are not as she imagined as in addition to using her great spiritual energy to pilot a mech called a Kobu, she must also perform on stage as an actor as The Imperial Flower Division’s cover is an art theater.Making a fool of herself and ruining a production gets her on everyone’s bad side and somehow she must learn to work with them as well as prevent the enemy from destroying several shrines which protect the city. Genres
 Since a new branch of division to New York has been created, Ohgami has now been assigned to the Paris Division. Now the Flower Division must be able to survive on their own, with the help of their new American-cultured leader.
 Sakura travels to the capital with aspirations of defending the city from the demonic forces of the Black Sanctum Council like her father before her. However, things are not as she imagined as in addition to using her great spiritual energy to pilot a mech called a Kobu, she must also perform on stage as an actor as The Imperial Flower Division's cover is an art theater. Making a fool of herself and ruining a production gets her on everyone's bad side and somehow she must learn to work with them as well as prevent the enemy from destroying several shrines which protect the city.
 The year is around the 1920's and the darkness of the demons have arrived. Now, only the people with large amounts of spirit energy can save the Earth. The Flower Division is now going to be sent out destroy the demons for they're our only hope for survival with their new steam-powered machines and unique fighting techniques.
 Since a new branch of division to New York has been created, Ohgami has now been assigned to the Paris Division. Now the Flower Division must be able to survive on their own, with the help of their new American-cultured leader.
 When abandoned kittens and his good conscience force second year Sorata Kanda to move into Suimei High School’s infamous Sakura Hall, the satellite dorm and its eccentric, misfit residents turn his life upside down. The decidedly average Sorata finds it difficult to fit in with the bizarre collection of dorm residents like Misaki, an energetic animator; Jin, a playwright playboy; Ryuunosuke, a reclusive programmer; and Chihiro, the dorm manager, art teacher, and party girl.Sorata's friend Nanami, a second year student and aspiring voice actress, pushes him to find new owners for the many cats so that he can quickly move back into the regular dorms. However, his desire to escape Sakura Hall wavers when the pet-like and infantile second year Mashiro Shiina, a world-class artistic savant looking to become a mangaka, transfers in during the spring trimester and quickly latches onto him.Supported by each other's quirks, Sorata and Mashiro come out of their shells and trigger change in the lives of those around them. Based on the light novel series of the same name, Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo explores the fine threads connecting talent, hard work, romance, and friendship with its ensemble cast.
 Nearly half the population of Sakurada, a small town near the Pacific Ocean, has some sort of unique power. These powers range from being able to enter the mind of a cat, to resetting the world back to a certain point in time in the past. There is a group known as the "Kanrikyoku" that controls and monitors the use of these powers. Asai Kei and Haruki Misora work for their school's club called "Houshi" club, which execute any missions received from the Kanrikyoku. Misora has the ability to reset the world 3 days. This means that all events and any memory of the past 3 days that "could have" happened, never happened. Kei has the ability to "remember" the past. Even after Misora uses her powers to reset the world back 3 days, Kei will retain those 3 days in his memory. Combining their powers, these two solve missions issued by the Kanrikyoku.
 Shoutarou Tatewaki, a high schooler living in Asahikawa City, Hokkaido, meets Sakurako Kujou, a bone-loving ojou-san who has an ability to analyze specimen. Because of meeting her, he has to accompany her to various cases.
 A small village is being persecuted by robbers who return every harvest to seize the village’s crops. Faced with starvation, the villagers send out a mission to find and recruit some samurai to defend them. With no pay to offer except rice, and knowing full well that only down-on-their-luck samurai would even consider accepting such an deal, the villagers can only hope that their saviours will appear before the rice is ready for harvest.
 In the far distant future, on a planet that might have been called "earth", there was a war between samurai who mechanized their bodies. After the long war, people enjoyed a modest peace.Facing starvation and abductions at the hands of fearsome mechanized bandits (Nobuseri), the farmers of Kanna Village make the dangerous choice to hire samurai for protection. The village's water priestess, Kirara, her younger sister, Komachi, and a heartbroken villager, Rikichi, set off to hire willing samurai with nothing to offer but rice from their meager harvests. Through dangerous encounters and a bit of luck, seven samurai of varying specialties and experience are gathered for an epic battle against the bandits and the merchants that influence them.Samurai 7
 Mugen is a fierce animal-like warrior with a unique Bboying (break-dance) inspired fighting style. Jin has a more traditional style but don’t think of this as a weakness because his skills are amazing. The two contrasting samurai warriors are far from friends, yet their separate paths seem to cross anyways.Mugen is wandering aimlessly through the city when he stumbles upon a teahouse where he meets Jin and Fuu (A ditzy waitress, but don‘t think she doesn‘t have anything hidden up her sleeves). Fuu convinces them both to come with her in search of a mysterious samurai that smells like sunflowers and their journey begins. This modernized hip-hop tale breaks the barriers of the common, historical, samurai anime.  Genre
 Mugen's a buck wild warrior - violent, thoughtless and womanizing. Jin is a vagrant ronin - mysterious, traditional, well-mannered and very strong as well. These two fiercely independent warriors can`t be any more different from one another, yet their paths cross when Fuu, a ditzy waitress, saves them from being executed when they are arrested after a violent swordfight. Fuu convinces the two vagrant young men to help her find a mysterious samurai "who smells of sunflowers." And their journey begins. This is a story about love, friendship and courage... NOT!
 Masayoshi Hazama has decided to become the superhero Samurai Flamenco in spite of having no special abilities or modifications. Hidenori Goto is a police officer who learns his secret identity by chance, which causes him all sorts of trouble.
 Mitsurugi Ryouko is a high-school girl who intends to be a samurai. In her high school, there is a system named K Fights. It is a system which solves all the troubles by the duel of the school official recognition. And, Ryouko is a present champion of the K fights. The person who challenges to defeat Ryouko is unfailing, and her school life is a fuss every day.One day, Ryouko obtains a mysterious pendant. And, she was somehow in another world after the pendant shoots light. There was a shrine maiden named Reiha in this world named Solvania Shadow. She calls Ryouko the ogre of Yenen. And, she says the work of Ryouko is to defeat the monster of this world by her.
 At Daimon High School, kids settle their disputes by dueling with each other in the school's official K-Fight battle arena. Ryoko Mitsurugi, samurai girl and undefeated K-Fight champion, is called upon by a mysterious Priestess to protect the Earth from an invasion coming from the alternate universe of Solvania. She must face battles that will test her skills, her friendships, and her heart in order to find her true strength as a samurai warrior.
 In 1800, it was the period they called it the end of the Edo Era. People were swaying between the ideologies of evolutionism and conservatism. In these conflicts, there were men acting in the dark side of the society. They had the latest repeating guns, wore black helmets, and their movement were far beyond that of a normal person, this group was called "Samurai Gun".They were welcomed by the citizens, but they had another plan. They were an armed troop organized to topple the Edo government. Nanagomaru Ichimatsu was the member of Samurai Gun. His older sister was killed. He was involved in the wave of ages not understanding the true meaning of fighting. Their mission was to kill evils in shadow as well as in the sun. Where is true justice? What is evil that they should hate? Where is Japan heading?While they began to doubt their way of life, their battle against the government was getting harder.Source
 It is the beginning of the industrial revolution, and feudal Japan is in turmoil. The ruling Shogun are wielding their abusive powers to instill fear and dominance over their oppressed subjects. Beatings, imprisonment, rape and even murder are the adopted tactics chosen to maintain their reign. The bloodshed must end. A group of Samurai have banded together, and, with the development of new weapons and new technology, they have both the will and the hardware to stand up and fight. Ichimatsu is one of these fighters. By day, he works incognito at a local tavern, in the evenings he frequents the brothels, and by the dark of night, he doles out some big-time, gun-barrel justice. He is here to help. He is Samurai Gun.
 The setting is a Japanese looking village named `Little Tokyo' where the Pizza Cats run a pizza fastfood business. Little Tokyo is populated by all kinds of animals. The official governor of the town is the Emperor, but since he has gone bananas a council takes care of the well-being of the village. One of the members of this council is called Seymour "Big" Cheese, who secretly wishes to take over control of the village. The pizza take away restaurant is merely a cover for their true job... Whenever evil is afoot, the Pizza Cats are launched towards the danger from the gun-lookalike clock tower that emerges from the top of their restaurant.
 The setting is a Japanese looking village named `Little Tokyo' where the Pizza Cats run a pizza fastfood business. Little Tokyo is populated by all kinds of animals. The official governor of the town is the Emperor, but since he has gone bananas a council takes care of the well-being of the village. One of the members of this council is called Seymour "Big" Cheese, who secretly wishes to take over control of the village. The pizza take away restaurant is merely a cover for their true job... Whenever evil is afoot, the Pizza Cats are launched towards the danger from the gun-lookalike clock tower that emerges from the top of their restaurant.
 The setting is a Japanese looking village named `Little Tokyo' where the Pizza Cats run a pizza fastfood business. Little Tokyo is populated by all kinds of animals. The official governor of the town is the Emperor, but since he has gone bananas a council takes care of the well-being of the village. One of the members of this council is called Seymour "Big" Cheese, who secretly wishes to take over control of the village. The pizza take away restaurant is merely a cover for their true job... Whenever evil is afoot, the Pizza Cats are launched towards the danger from the gun-lookalike clock tower that emerges from the top of their restaurant.
 One hundred years after their deaths at the hands of a former colleage, six legendary holy warriors are reborn to seek justice against the teammate who betrayed them into the hands of an evil god. Based upon one of the most popular video games of all time, Samurai Shodown is a sprawling feature-length saga of reincarnation and revenge, featuring some of the most spectacular battle sequences ever animated! Join Charlotte, Wan Fu, Nakoruru, Galford and Tamtam as they search the feudal province of Edo questing for their lost comrade, Haohmaru, and their sworn nemesis Shirou Amakusa. Will the followers of the divine light triumph over the forces of the dark, or is the course of history destined to repeat itself? Before their hundred-year journey has ended, six samurai will prove that the only thing stronger than their holy blades is the steel of their wills!
 One hundred years after their deaths, six legendary holy warriors are reborn to seek justice against the former comrade who betrayed them into the hands of an evil god! The six warriors search the feudal province of Edo questing for the last Saint Soldier, Haohmaru, and their sworn nemesis Shirou Amakusa. Will the followers of the divine light triumph over the forces of darkness, or is history destined to repeat itself? Before their hundred-year journey has ended, six samurai will prove that the only thing stronger than their holy blades is the steel of their wills!
 In a different world with strong spiritual energy, Wang Baole, a warm and cheerful little fat man, saw through the illusion created by the teachers in the entrance examination of the famous school "Dragon Taoist Academy", and won high scores with his excellent performance, and obtained the "Magic Department". The quota of specially recruited students has since overcame obstacles and opened up his own way of upgrading. In the process of cultivating immortals and fighting monsters, he made a large number of close friends, and thus started a series of hilarious adventure stories.

 Two Japanese survivors of the Khmer Rouge massacres in Cambodia vow to find a sanctuary, even if they have to build it themselves. Returning to Japan, they take seemingly opposite paths
 In the far future, war has destroyed the entire Earth, leaving only a barren wasteland where the supply of water is controlled by the greedy king. In search of a long-lost lake, Sheriff Rao asked the king of the demons for help...and got the king's son, Beelzebub, and his assistant, Thief. Together the unlikely trio sets off across the desert, facing dragons, bandits and the deadliest foe of all... the King's army itself!
 Spinoff based on the Nintendo DS RPG game by SEGA, released in Japan July, 2008. In a world where humans serve as livestock for the ruling beastman, and where sand fills the roles of water and fire. Kyrie is recruited by the "World Destruction Committee" to assist in putting an end to their world. Kyrie alone holds the power needed to do it.
 In the future, the oceans have risen to flood all the continents due to humanity's negligence of the environment. Only a few bits of land have been spared, and one of those is the city-island where Elfie lives with her grandfather. One day, due to an underwater incident, she discovers that she can breathe underwater. Her grandfather reveals that in truth she is one of the mythical sea-people. Using the city-folk's xenophobia, local politicians spark a war with this hidden people to distract people from their current resource problems, and Elfie is caught in the middle of it.
 An anime based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel.
 An anime based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel.
 An anime based on the Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Shy bookstore clerk Kosuke Mikado has the ability to see ghosts and spirits, an ability he wishes he didn't have, since what he sees usually terrifies him. Rihito Hiyakawa, an exorcist whose supernatural powers are as strong as his social graces are weak, doesn't seem to fear anything, mortal or otherwise. When this odd couple gets together to solve the bizarre cases that come their way, their work methods may not be entirely safe for work!
 The protagonist, Chihiro Furuya, is a male highschool student with a keen interest in zombies, collecting zombie-related videogames, film and manga, and even to the point of desiring to “kiss a zombie girl”. Following the death of his pet cat, he attempts to revive it using an old manuscript, which describes the process of creating a potion for resurrection. At this time he encounters a girl named Rea Sanka, who has run away from home. In an attempt to commit suicide, she drinks a sample of the “resurrection” potion which is created from a poisonous herb known as Hydrangea macrophylla, however this fails to kill her.Following an argument with her father, she falls from a cliff by accident and dies; however as a result of the potion, she returns as a zombie. Though she becomes undead, she chooses not to consume human flesh, and rather survives on eating the hydrangea herbs.
 Furuya's not interested in the living, he's got zombies on the brain! When Furuya's cat dies, he decides he's going to try and bring it back to life. In the process, he stumbles across a girl who is involved in an accident and turns into a real zombie! What's Furuya going to do now that the thing he loves the most is right in front of his eyes?
 The protagonist, Chihiro Furuya, is a male highschool student with a keen interest in zombies, collecting zombie-related videogames, film and manga, and even to the point of desiring to “kiss a zombie girl”. Following the death of his pet cat, he attempts to revive it using an old manuscript, which describes the process of creating a potion for resurrection. At this time he encounters a girl named Rea Sanka, who has run away from home. In an attempt to commit suicide, she drinks a sample of the “resurrection” potion which is created from a poisonous herb known as Hydrangea macrophylla, however this fails to kill her.Following an argument with her father, she falls from a cliff by accident and dies; however as a result of the potion, she returns as a zombie. Though she becomes undead, she chooses not to consume human flesh, and rather survives on eating the hydrangea herbs.
 Hello Kitty and other Sanrio characters star in adaptations of various spoof famous stories. Each episode contains two stories. The series presents itself as a stage plays. And the characters are actors in the story (eg. Cat Wars is a spoof of the Star Wars story). You, the viewer, is meant to be as one of the people in the audience.
 Hello Kitty and other Sanrio characters star in adaptations of various spoof famous stories. Each episode contains two stories. The series presents itself as a stage plays. And the characters are actors in the story (eg. Cat Wars is a spoof of the Star Wars story). You, the viewer, is meant to be as one of the people in the audience.
 The project's premise follows Kouta Hasegawa, a high school boy that loves the yellow Pom Pom Purin dog. By mere coincidence, he ends up attending the same school as Yuu Mizuno, a boy who likes the bunny My Melody. Yuu tells Kouta that there's nothing to be ashamed of for liking Sanrio's cute characters. Together, Kouta, Yuu, Shunsuke Yoshino, Ryou Nishimiya, and Seiichirou Minamoto learn to accept their love of the characters instead of feeling embarrassed.
 Futaba Odagiri is the new transfer student with a super energetic personality; Teru Hayama is the class president with a surprisingly mean personality contrary to her innocent looks; and Youko Nishikawa is from a formerly rich, now extremely poor family who still holds on to her princess attitude. These three unlikely students with clashing personalities become good friends and survive the day-to-day teenage life in a very funny story.
 Futaba Odagiri is the new transfer student with a super energetic personality; Teru Hayama is the class president with a surprisingly mean personality contrary to her innocent looks; and Youko Nishikawa is from a formerly rich, now extremely poor family who still holds on to her princess attitude. These three unlikely students with clashing personalities become good friends and survive the day-to-day teenage life in a very funny story.
 Bundled with BD/DVD volumes 1-3.
 Ronja is the only daughter of Mattis, the chief of a tribe of bandits who live in a huge castle in the forest. The story follows Ronja as she encounters mystical creatures, makes friends with another young child like herself, and experiences life in the forest.
 The story is about a girl named Ronja who is the daughter of a chief of a tribe of bandits and lives in a huge castle in the forest with the bandits. The story follows Ronja as she encounters mystical creatures, makes friends with another young child like herself, and experiences life in the forest.
 In the year 2201, one year after the Yamato saved Earth from radioactive contamination, a new threat emerges. The Yamato makes its final journey to save the Earth from this new threat.Earth has almost recovered from the battle against Gamilus, and reconstruction has expanded to the other planets. When former Yamato crew-mates discover a strange, garbled message that seems to be coming from a white comet headed towards Earth, they hijack their old space fortress and begin a new battle.
 Kazuki Yasaka, an 8th grader living in Asakusa, is turned into a Kappa along with his classmates Toi and Enta by a mysterious creature named Keppi, after they break inadvertently a statue of a Kappa, the guardian god of the city.They are then ordered by Keppi, who claims to be the first heir to the throne of Kappa Kingdom, to fight against the Kapa-zombies, bioarms created by his enemies, if they want to return to their human form. In order to kill them, they have to make a specific sound called "Sarazanmai" which is produced only when the three of them are united, but the three boys cannot connect at first.In addition, one of their secrets is revealed to each other every time they emit the sound!They finally accept to take risks to collect the "Plates of Hope," given by Keppi when they defeat the Kapa-zombies, and which can make their wishes come true. However, some trouble occurs over the plates...! Along the course of the fights against the Kapa-zombies, their fierce past and inner conflicts keep getting revealed. This is the sarcastic fantasy of three boys who don't feel connected to their important ones, getting to realize the real meaning of bonds.
 Kazuki Yasaka, an 8th grader living in Asakusa, is turned into a Kappa along with his classmates Toi and Enta by a mysterious creature named Keppi, after they break inadvertently a statue of a Kappa, the guardian god of the city.They are then ordered by Keppi, who claims to be the first heir to the throne of Kappa Kingdom, to fight against the Kapa-zombies, bioarms created by his enemies, if they want to return to their human form. In order to kill them, they have to make a specific sound called "Sarazanmai" which is produced only when the three of them are united, but the three boys cannot connect at first.In addition, one of their secrets is revealed to each other every time they emit the sound!They finally accept to take risks to collect the "Plates of Hope," given by Keppi when they defeat the Kapa-zombies, and which can make their wishes come true. However, some trouble occurs over the plates...! Along the course of the fights against the Kapa-zombies, their fierce past and inner conflicts keep getting revealed. This is the sarcastic fantasy of three boys who don't feel connected to their important ones, getting to realize the real meaning of bonds.
 The time
 The time
 Miyano spends his days peacefully reading Boys' Love comics and worrying about how girly his face is-until a chance encounter leads to a scuffle with his senior Sasaki. Intrigued by his feisty junior Miyano, delinquent Sasaki uses every opportunity he can to get closer...

 It's November. A student who has lost his keychain comes to Miyano and his friends, who have taken over the disciplinary committee's workload. On a whim, Hanzawa proposes the establishment of the "First Lost and Found Detective Agency," which goes out on a search party.
 Sasameki Koto is the story of Murasame Sumika, an intelligent and athletically gifted girl who just happens to be in love with her best friend, Kazama Ushio. Unable to confess her feelings, Sumika can only stay by her side and watch over her. After all, the biggest obstacle to her love is something that she can’t change. It has nothing to do with the fact they’re both girls; Sumika just isn’t Kazama’s type! Kazama is only into cute girls and Sumika’s cool personality just doesn’t fit the bill. Much to her friend’s dismay, Kazama is always eager to share news about her latest crush. With the duo’s knack for attracting trouble, it looks like Sumika’s trials have only just begun. Gen
 The story follows a hikikomori named Sasami who is unmotivated about even changing clothes or eating. Her brother takes care of her, even though she despises his slave-like nature. Sasami spends her days viewing the outside world via a “Brother Surveillance Tool” on her computer. In the outside world, the three beautiful Yagami sisters and Sasami’s brother are in the middle of relationships worthy of a romantic co
 In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls." They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously.
 In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls." They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously.
 In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls". They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously.
 In this world, there live a group of people who call themselves "Majo" or "Magical Girls". They hide their powers so as to assimilate into the environment. They have been living together in harmony with the humans for many years to come, and their predecessors continue to do so. Sasami was enthroned with magical powers since her birth. However, at the age of three, she was told by her parents never to use her innate powers and from then on, had kept it a secret from everyone. On the day of a new school term, a new transfer teacher by the name of Wajuu arrives and from then on, Sasami's life begins to change tremendously.
 Yori Asanagi is a mature girl in many ways but is still pure when it comes to romance. That sentiment is proven when an underclassman, Himari Kino, suddenly confesses love to her after her band performance at the freshman opening ceremony.Confused and surprised, Yori asks her friends for consultation, but they tease her by saying that she is experiencing love. Yori soon makes up her mind and tries to return Himari's feelings, but in a twist of events, she realizes that what Himari loved was not her, but her music!As Yori continues to pursue her love for Himari, she promises to make Himari fall for her. However, will this passionate love bloom or remain unrequited?
 Nell is a young girl living with her grandfather, Mr Trent, the owner of a shop in London. As he couldn't payback a loan he made, he has to flee with Nell. They decide to search for Nell's mother, who is living somewhere in Great Britain...
 Two baby girls were born in the same hospital
 An adaptation by V-Jump Festa of a one shot manga by Akira Toriyama.
 Despite the destruction of the mechanization home world Andromeda, the machine empire is still swept across the galaxy and Earth has become a battleground. Having returned from his journey aboard the train Galaxy Express 999, Tetsurou Hoshino joins the resistance and fights alongside others who have retained their humanity.When the 999 returns to Earth, Tetsurou receives an enigmatic recorded message from his former traveling companion Maetel, telling him to board the train once more. Fighting his way to Megalopolis station, he makes it onto the train just as it departs. This time, however, Tetsurou is met with several mysteries
 The people of Iorph live far away from the lands of men, weaving the happenings of each day into a fabric called Hibiol. They live for centuries while maintaining their youthful appearance. Maquia, an orphaned Iorph girl, lives in an oasis surrounded by friends, yet somehow feels alone. But the tranquil lives of the Iorph are shattered in an instant when the Mezarte army invades their territory on a dragon fleet, seeking the blood that grants the Iorph long life.Maquia manages to escape, but loses her friends and her home in the chaos. She then encounters an orphaned baby who is also alone. Maquia raises this boy, Ariel, with the help of some new friends. But as the era changes, the bond between Maquia and Ariel changes too, amidst a backdrop of racial tensions between the Iorph and the Mezarte. This is a story of irreplaceable time, woven by two lonely people who can only find solace in each other.
 With no soccer accomplishments to speak of during the entirety of Sumire Suou's junior high school years, the young wing gets an odd offer. Suou's main rival, Midori Soshizaki, invites her to join up on the same team in high school, with a promise that she'll never let Suou "play alone." It's an earnest offer, but the question is whether Suou will take her up on it. Thus the curtain opens on a story that collects an enormous cast of individual soccer-playing personalities!
 14-year-old Nozomi Onda has only one thing on her mind
 Itoshiki Nozomu is the world’s most negative person. To his way of thinking, there is no hope or meaning in this existence. Even the three kanji of his name become the two-kanji word zetsubou, “despair”, when compressed. What an ironic twist of fate, then, that he becomes teacher to a class containing his precise opposite, the invincibly positive-minded Fuura Kafuka.
 Itoshiki Nozomu is the world’s most negative person. To his way of thinking, there is no hope or meaning in this existence. Even the three kanji of his name become the two-kanji word zetsubou, “despair”, when compressed. What an ironic twist of fate, then, that he becomes teacher to a class containing his precise opposite, the invincibly positive-minded Fuura Kafuka.
 Sometime in the near future, in an age in which we have established contact and communications with planets outside our galaxy, Scan2Go has become a huge phenomenon throughout all of outer space. Giant races are held at every locality, with each racer gunning for the title of the universe's number one racer!The main character in the series, Kazuya, possesses the power of the eagle, performed well with his blazing, innate power commanding his falconine beast spirit. He competes in a tournament, the "Pro-Racer Exhibition Race.", but was no match for the other teams that had won their way through the competitive Space Preliminaries.Realizing the difficult obstacles that lie before them, Kazuya and his friends leave the small Earth behind and set off on a universe-wide quest to hone their skills as warriors!
 Twelve 1-minute fictional shorts about the real-life Japanese band SCANDAL.
 The Blue World, which symbolizes reason, is under constant attack by the creatures called the Nightfly O'Note originating from the Red World, symbolizing instinct. Akira Asagi, the 17-year-old protagonist who is a researcher at Blue World, is nominated to lead the war at Ryuukyuu LAG, a proud defense facility on the islands of Ishigaki and Iriomote. She meets the sixth combat unit "IS," which was formed four years after a fierce battle that annihilated the fifth unit. Akari must lead these six riders, also called the Scared Rider Xechs, to fight against the other world while at the same time deepening the relationship among them.
 Solar calendar year 2020
 Solar calendar year 2020
 Makoto Ito rides the train to and from school every day. However, at the beginning of his second term, he falls in love with a beautiful girl that also rides the train. Unfortunately, she barely knows of his existence. Her name is Kotonoha Katsura, and though they attend the same school, they are not in the same class. In an attempt to catch her eye, Makoto enlists the aid of a close female friend of his
 Makoto Ito rides the train to and from school every day. However, at the beginning of his second term, he falls in love with a beautiful girl that also rides the train. Unfortunately, she barely knows of his existence. Her name is Kotonoha Katsura, and though they attend the same school, they are not in the same class. In an attempt to catch her eye, Makoto enlists the aid of a close female friend of his
 Tsukamoto Tenma is an ordinary 2nd year high school student who has fallen in love with one of her classmates, Karasuma Ooji. However, currently she is unable to confess her feelings to him. To make things worse, she found out that Karasuma is transferring to another school in a year. On the other hand, Tenma’s other classmate, Harima Kenji (who is a delinquent) is also in love with Tenma. Not being able to confess his feelings, Harima gets depressed day by day.
 Tsukamoto Tenma is an ordinary 2nd year high school student who has fallen in love with one of her classmates, Karasuma Ooji. However, currently she is unable to confess her feelings to him. To make things worse, she found out that Karasuma is transferring to another school in a year. On the other hand, Tenma's other classmate, Harima Kenji (who is a delinquent) is also in love with Tenma. Not being able to confess his feelings, Harima gets depressed day by day.
 Tsukamoto Tenma is an ordinary 2nd year high school student who has fallen in love with one of her classmates, Karasuma Ooji. However, currently she is unable to confess her feelings to him. To make things worse, she found out that Karasuma is transferring to another school in a year. On the other hand, Tenma’s other classmate, Harima Kenji (who is a delinquent) is also in love with Tenma. Not being able to confess his feelings, Harima gets depressed day by day.
 Continuing right where season 1 left off
 A short 2 episodes attempt to conclude the series. Karasuma goes to America after the end of the third term. Will Harima finally confess? What will happen with Tenma and Karasuma?
 Tsukamoto Tenma is an ordinary 2nd year high school student who has fallen in love with one of her classmates, Karasuma Ooji. However, currently she is unable to confess her feelings to him. To make things worse, she found out that Karasuma is transferring to another school in a year. On the other hand, Tenma’s other classmate, Harima Kenji (who is a delinquent) is also in love with Tenma. Not being able to confess his feelings, Harima gets depressed day by day.
 This two-part OVA is a series of shorts in relation to the School Rumble series. This OVA fills in gaps with new content between episodes from beginning to nearly the end.
 It's the near future. The newly established girls' private school Goryoukan Academy has another face. This school has a special unit, Fifth force, who is assembled and selected from the school's student body in order to fight an enemy called Oburi.This is a story about love, courage and friendship about the girls called Strikers.
 Schwarzesmarken is a spin-off of the Muv-Luv Alternative series, but the events takes place in 1983.The East German Army 666th TSF Squadron "Schwarzesmarken" (Black Marks) are a special-forces unit tasked with assaulting BETA forces through unconventional tactics; specifically, they target Lux and Magnus Lux to deny the BETA the advantage of ranged firepower. Their orders are given the topmost priority, such that it is common practice for the 666th to ignore allied distress calls that will result in deviation from their original mission, even if only for a short moment.The 666th Squadron mostly operates MiG-21s, with their squadron commander Irisdena Bernhard piloting an MiG-21PF.
 Take the characters from a number of sci-fi based animes, a stage not unlike "Wacky Races," super deformed madness, and general insanity and what you get is Scramble Wars. While Scramble Wars does include characters from the original Bubblegum Crisis, Gall Force and Genesis Survivor Gaiarth, it also has a few other characters from other animes such as AD Police and Riding Bean. It doesn't matter if you loved or hated any of these series, as long as you've seen at least one of them you'll have a great time watching this, though the insanity is so generic that it really doesn't matter if you haven't seen any of the animes featured in Scramble Wars.Wacky Races! No not really, but close enough. Genom is holding a race; the winner will receive the Genom Trophy! Woohoo! Yay! Enter, Priss on her Motoroid, Linna and Nene, Sylia and Mackie, a Boomer... A Boomer?... okay... and characters from other animes already mentioned a million times. All will be racing against each other to win this prestigious trophy for some reason. And all of them will do anything to win it...
 Pacifica Casull is the most feared and hated person by the followers of the God Mauser. Known as the Scrapped Princess, she is the poison that will destroy the world. To avoid being killed by the zealots of Mauser, Pacifica and her adoptive brother and sister leave the village of Manhurin. Her brother, Shannon, is an expert with the sword while Racquel is proficient with magic. At every step of the way, however, someone is constantly trying to kill Pacifica, hoping to somehow avert the catastrophe that is supposed to befall the world on her 16th birthday.
 Pacifica Casull is the most feared and hated person by the followers of the God Mauser. Known as the Scrapped Princess, she is the poison that will destroy the world. To avoid being killed by the zealots of Mauser, Pacifica and her adoptive brother and sister leave the village of Manhurin. Her brother, Shannon, is an expert with the sword while Racquel is proficient with magic. At every step of the way, however, someone is constantly trying to kill Pacifica, hoping to somehow avert the catastrophe that is supposed to befall the world on her 16th birthday.
 A strange environmental phenomenon 22 years ago in the Kanazawa prefecture caused the land to split and protrude upwards reaching unprecedented heights, creating the secluded area known as The Lost Ground. Kazuma is a young mercenary who lives in the Lost Ground, looking for any work he can find to sustain his livelihood within the harsh environment. He is one of the few people that are gifted with the Alter ability, which allows him to plaster his right arm and torso with a metallic alloy. When this mercenary encounters HOLY, an order whose purpose is to suppress and capture what they call Native Alter Users, and one of the elite members of HOLY, Ryuho, an epic rivalry begins.
 The land of Neotopia is attacked by the Dark Axis, evil invaders from another dimension who wish to conquer this land. Neotopia's answer
 In 1990, Bandai produced the 4 episode OVA series SD Gundam Gaiden. Directed by Tetsuro Amino (Macross 7, SD Gundam's Counterattack), this series is set in the medieval fantasy world Suda Doaka. Once again, popular Gundam characters such as Amuro Ray and Char Aznable are featured in the series, along with fantasy-styled versions of well-known mobile suits.In this series, the heroic Knight Gundam and his companions must protect Suda Doaka from the evils of Satan Gundam and Sieg Zeon. Much of the series is set in the Kingdom of Lacroa, which is featured in several SD productions, including the 2003 TV series SD Gundam Force. As is the case with all the older SD productions, SD Gundam Gaiden isn't available in the U.S.
 A Romance of the Three Kingdoms retelling using SD Gundams.
 A Romance of the Three Kingdoms retelling using SD Gundams.
 A Romance of the Three Kingdoms retelling using SD Gundams.
 The balance of the worlds is maintained by heroes. Suddenly, a red-hot meteor falls upon one of these worlds, called Neo World. An amnesiac youth named Wukong Impulse Gundam appears at the point where it landed. The chaos that starts with this incident spreads through the other worlds, one after another. At the same time, Zhuge Liang Freedom Gundam learns via astrology of an impending disaster. He and his sworn friend Liu Bei Unicorn Gundam take action to save the worlds from this crisis, and begin a journey along with Wukong.What will Wukong Impulse Gundam think as he meets the heroes of each world? Will this youth bring about peace or catastrophe? Now begins a new story of heroes!
 As if led by fate, after meeting Guan Yu Nu Gundam and Zhang Fei God Gundam, Liu Bei Unicorn Gundam resolves to save the world.Repeated warfare has destroyed countries that once prospered gloriously, leaving the land in ruins. Just when revival is in sight, an epidemics of the mysterious Yellow Zombie Virus breaks out. The virus carriers lose themselves and start attacking people. The survivors are forced to live inside fortified cities for protection relying on a form of energy known as "Trinity." However, this finite energy has caused social stratification and much conflict. Each fortified city is isolated by walls, and each country is ruled by a lord. The lord Dong Zhuo has been acting in an outrageous manner since the passing of the previous lord. As if drawn together by destiny, Liu Bei Unicorn Gundam meets Guan Yu Nu Gundam and Zhang Fei God Gundam, and decides to save the world.Eventually, the passion of the three young men will bring about great change in the world. The new heroes unveil a new chapter in history!
 In the distant future, humanity has explored beyond Earth and colonized both the inner and outer planets of the Solar System. In order to protect the colonies and maintain law and order in the solar system, the Earth Federation Government (EFG) was created. Soon, many settlers started to resent the EFG's and its sphere of influence, straining the relationship between the central government and the colonies.While a strained peace was being forged between Earth and the colonies, a race of non-human creatures known as Deathcula invaded the System. Without provocation, they attacked the colonies and killed many of the colonists. The EFG quickly realized that the Deathcula were technologically superior and their forces were hopelessly matched. In order to have a chance at survival, Dr. Charles Louvre developed a transformable starship known as the Bismarck.Knowing that an advanced team of specialists were required to operate the Bismarck, four individuals came together and were charged with keeping the outer colonies safe from further Deathcula attacks.
 In the distant future, humanity has explored beyond Earth and colonized both the inner and outer planets of the Solar System. In order to protect the colonies and maintain law and order in the solar system, the Earth Federation Government (EFG) was created. Soon, many settlers started to resent the EFG's and its sphere of influence, straining the relationship between the central government and the colonies.While a strained peace was being forged between Earth and the colonies, a race of non-human creatures known as Deathcula invaded the System. Without provocation, they attacked the colonies and killed many of the colonists. The EFG quickly realized that the Deathcula were technologically superior and their forces were hopelessly matched. In order to have a chance at survival, Dr. Charles Louvre developed a transformable starship known as the Bismarck.Knowing that an advanced team of specialists were required to operate the Bismarck, four individuals came together and were charged with keeping the outer colonies safe from further Deathcula attacks.
 Gene Starwind has always dreamed of piloting his own ship out into the vast sea of stars. Unfortunately, not all dreams come true, as he spends his days working odd jobs alongside his partner, James Hawking, on the small planet Sentinel III instead. However, this all takes a turn when the duo takes on a job from Rachel Sweet who, unbeknownst to them, is actually a treasure-hunting outlaw. Tasked with protecting a mysterious girl known as Melfina, the meeting irrevocably changes the pair's lives as they are sent out into the great unknown aboard the highly advanced ship, Outlaw Star.Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star follows Gene and his ragtag crew as they brave the final frontier, navigating the stars in search of answers to the mysteries surrounding Melfina. Encountering dangerous bounty hunters, space pirates, Taoist mages, and even catgirls, there is sure to be an exhilarating adventure around every corner.
 One day, Earth's God of Destiny, and Galdardia's Chief God had a bet. The God of Destiny lost, and chose ten mediocre souls to hand over. To those ten souls, the Chief God of Galdardia handed them new vessels. Among those mediocre souls was one salaryman who fought against his destiny of death. How will this man grow from now on? Not the God of Destiny, nor the Chief God of Galdardia, nor even the author themselves know.
 Second season of Seijo no Maryoku wa Bannou Desu.
 A freak accident unleashes a demonic spirit within researcher John Stalker - transforming him into Saldo, a mythical cyber-beast fueled by hate and evil.
 A freak accident unleashes a demonic spirit within researcher John Stalker - transforming him into Saldo, a mythical cyber-beast fueled by hate and evil.
 This is the story about how Dubus, Lafiel's father, and Plakia after an adventure on a mysterious, abandoned spaceship decided to have a daughter together and why Dubus gave her the name Lafiel.
 Three years after their adventure, Lafiel becomes captain on the brand new assault ship Basroil and Jinto finishes his training to become a supply officer and joins Lafiels crew. They set out to join a large fleet with the mission of defending the strategically important Laptic Gate from a force 15 times larger than their own. And to bring even more worries, their new fleet commander is from the Bebous family, a family notorious for their "Spectacular Insanity".
 Due to a lack of ambassadors for the recently-conquered worlds the rapidly advancing fleet of the Bebaus brothers leave behind, Lafiel is appointed Territorial Ambassador of the planet Lobnas II. Upon arriving to the planet Jinto and Lafiel discover that the planet was used by the United Mankind as a prison planet and now has a million prisoners on the only inhabited island. The prisoners are parted in three blocks. The western where women are housed, the eastern belongs to the men and the central is mixed under the restriction that all prisoners living there are sterilized. The women in the western sector want to emigrate from the planet of fear for the men and when they do the men in the east rebel, overthrowing the guards and capturing Jinto to try to stop the emigration of the women. At the same time an enemy fleet heads toward the system forcing Lafiel to abandon Jinto.
 Jinto and Lafiel were riding on a light-armed transport ship "Bokbrusue" and navigating at the planar space of the Hyde System. This was for Jinto to govern the Hyde System, which returned to Empirial rule after the Union retreated, officially as an Earl. However, the government of Martin, Jinto`s motherland, resisted obstinately against the Empirial rule. On the other side, "Daiichi Jyuurin Sentai" (the First Devastation Fleet), formed with the new ship type "Attack Vessel", travelled to the Hyde System for drilling practices, but...
 Kojirou Shindou. Cabinet Office Director-General for Policy Planning, is at Haneda Airport for a business trip.While the plane is on the runway, a giant structure suddenly appears out of thin air. The plane carrying Shindou and 251 passengers is taken undamaged inside the giant structure. After everyone disembarks, a man who looks like an ordinary human being shows up. He assures those from the plane that they're not in any danger. Shindou asks him to identify himself and explain the situation. Then the outside of the structure is displayed on a large screen, and at the same time, every passenger's cell phone starts ringing all at once. On each cell phone screen is a message from this man, to every one of Japan's citizens
 Kojirou Shindou. Cabinet Office Director-General for Policy Planning, is at Haneda Airport for a business trip.While the plane is on the runway, a giant structure suddenly appears out of thin air. The plane carrying Shindou and 251 passengers is taken undamaged inside the giant structure. After everyone disembarks, a man who looks like an ordinary human being shows up. He assures those from the plane that they're not in any danger. Shindou asks him to identify himself and explain the situation. Then the outside of the structure is displayed on a large screen, and at the same time, every passenger's cell phone starts ringing all at once. On each cell phone screen is a message from this man, to every one of Japan's citizens
 Battles for ancient kingdoms are nothing compared to the battles of a classroom!Awakening from magical stasis after a thousand years, the Dark Lord Leonis suddenly finds himself in the body of a ten-year-old boy! He quickly meets Riselia, a girl confronting the Voids, creatures that have nearly exterminated humanity. Determined to uncover the mysteries of this strange new era, Leonis enrolls in Excalibur Academy, a school that trains students to fight back against these enigmatic monsters. Could the Voids hold some connection to Leonis's past?
 Written by Akamitsu Awamura, the series takes place in a private high school involving the concept of "saviors." They are known as people who possess awakened memories of their past lives. The story tells of a young boy named Moroha Haimura who comes to this private school. At the school, there are two types of people
 Written by Akamitsu Awamura, the series takes place in a private high school involving the concept of "saviors." They are known as people who possess awakened memories of their past lives. The story tells of a young boy named Moroha Haimura who comes to this private school. At the school, there are two types of people
 Short spin-off episodes included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the main series.
 Learning to ride and tame dragons comes easy to most students at Ansarivan Dragonar Academy - except for first-year student Ash Blake, who is known by his fellow classmates as the "number one problem child." Poor Ash is the laughing stock at school because, despite his unfashionably large star-shaped brand that marks him as a future dragon master, he has nothing to show for it. His dragon has never appeared.Until now, that is. One fateful day, Ash's dragon awakes in full glory, but appears different than any dragon ever seen before - in the form of a beautiful girl! What's worse, Ash soon discovers that this new dragon has attitude to spare, as she promptly informs him that she is the master, and he, the servant.Ash's problems with dragon riding have only just begun.
 At a time when the balance of nature still held the civilizations of mankind in thrall, a single drought could spell the end of a society and doom its inhabitants to piteous deaths. Prince Chagum has been imbued with the power to stave off the drought and bring new life to his empire. However, this is a suspicious time, and he is accused of possession by an evil spirit.Court advisors only see one solution. Chagum must be put to death by his own father's hand. His salvation is in the form of Balsa, a spear woman and mercenary from Kanbal, the kingdom across the mountains. Her skills are legendary, and although reluctant, she is held by a mysterious vow to save eight souls before she dies. Can she fend off an entire empire and make Chagum her eighth soul?
 n St. Mikhailov Academy, Oribe Mafuyu meets a silver haired boy called Alexander. He is a Qwaser, a being who can manipulate iron and draws his power from breast milk. A mystery surrounding an icon tranforms the academy into a setting for conflict between the various Qwasers
 n St. Mikhailov Academy, Oribe Mafuyu meets a silver haired boy called Alexander. He is a Qwaser, a being who can manipulate iron and draws his power from breast milk. A mystery surrounding an icon tranforms the academy into a setting for conflict between the various Qwasers
 Amakawa Haruto is a young man who died before reuniting with his childhood friend who disappeared five years ago. Rio is a boy living in the slums who wants revenge for his mother who was murdered in front of him when he was five years old.Earth and another world. Two people with completely different backgrounds and values. For some reason, the memories and personality of Haruto who should've died is resurrected in Rio's body. As the two are confused over their memories and personalities fusing together, Rio decides to live in this new world.Along with Haruto's memories, Rio awakens an unknown "special power," and it seems that if he uses it well, he can live a better life. But before that, Rio encounters a kidnapping that turns out to be of a princess of the Bertram Kingdom that he lives in.After saving the princess, Rio is given a scholarship at the Royal Academy, a school for the rich and powerful. Being a poor orphan in a school of nobles turns out to be an extremely detestable place to be.
 When 20-year-old college student Haruto Amakawa dies in a traffic accident, he does not expect to wake up in an unfamiliar world in the body of a young boy named Rio. As their memories and personas fuse, Rio realizes that he now also possesses magical powers. He is relieved to find that his burning passion for revenge against his mother's murderers has not subsided, despite his newly changed identity.Not soon after, Rio comes across the kidnapped princess of the Bertram Kingdom and saves her without hesitation. To express his gratitude, the king grants him the opportunity to enroll in the Bertram Royal Academy. Believing this to be a new chapter in his life, he is excited to study at this prestigious academy, but life here proves to be difficult for him, a slum-dweller surrounded by the majestic children of nobles.
 Second season of Seirei Gensouki.
 At a time when the balance of nature still held the civilizations of mankind in thrall, a single drought could spell the end of a society and doom its inhabitants to piteous deaths. Prince Chagum has been imbued with the power to stave off the drought and bring new life to his empire. However, this is a suspicious time, and he is accused of possession by an evil spirit.Court advisors only see one solution. Chagum must be put to death by his own father's hand. His salvation is in the form of Balsa, a spear woman and mercenary from Kanbal, the kingdom across the mountains. Her skills are legendary, and although reluctant, she is held by a mysterious vow to save eight souls before she dies. Can she fend off an entire empire and make Chagum her eighth soul?
 Mini specials bundled on each Blu-ray/DVD volume of Seirei Tsukai no Blade Dance. Each special is tied to the new 32-page short story that original light novel author Shimizu Yuu is writing for the limited first pressing of every Blu-ray/DVD volume.
 An official website and Twitter account have been launched to announce that an original anime by free illustrator Kisai Takayama will be broadcast on TV. Titled Seiren, it will premiere in Winter 2017 via TBS and BS-TBS.
 Seisen Cerberus follows 16-year-old Hiiro, who takes up a sword in order to avenge his parents' death by killing the evil dragon Danguard.
 Taking place 700 years after the Dunbine TV Series, "The Tale of Neo Byston Well" revolves around Shion Zaba, the reincarnation of series protagonist Sho Zama. Together with Silkie Mau, Reml Jilfried (the reincarnation of Remile Luft), and the Aura Battler Silbine, Shion must stop a twisted Shot Weapon from launching a custom-made nuclear ICBM missile that's poised to wipe out the realm.
 A brilliant collection of beautifully animated episodes based on selected masterpieces of Japanese modern literature.The aim of this series is to appeal to the viewer at large and to give him or her some idea of the variety and individuality which Japanese literature has developed over the last hundred years.The authors range from Higuchi Ichiyou (Takekurabe), Mori Ougai (The Dancing Girl) and Natsume Souseki (Botchan) to Kawabata Yasunari (The Izu Dancer), Nobel laureate of 1968, and Mishima Yukio (The Sound of Waves).
 Picture drama episodes included on the DVD/Blu-ray Volumes of Seishun Buta Yarou wa Bunny Girl Senpai no Yume wo Minai.
 In Fujisawa, where the skies are bright and the seas glisten, Sakuta Azusagawa is in his second year of high school. His blissful days with his girlfriend and upperclassman, Mai Sakurajima, are interrupted with the appearance of his first crush, Shouko Makinohara. For reasons unknown, he encounters two Shouko's
 The members of the student council of Hekiyou Gakuen are chosen by a popularity vote. As a result, all the members are cute girls except for Sugizaki Ken, who studied hard to enter the council. This novel is about the endless chattering of the members with full of parodies of “The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya”, “Dragon Ball” etc.
 The members of the student council of Hekiyou Gakuen are chosen by a popularity vote. As a result, all the members are cute girls except for Sugizaki Ken, who studied hard to enter the council. This novel is about the endless chattering of the members with full of parodies of “The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya”, “Dragon Ball” etc.
 The members of the student council of Hekiyou Gakuen are chosen by a popularity vote. As a result, all the members are cute girls except for Sugizaki Ken, who studied hard to enter the council. This novel is about the endless chattering of the members with full of parodies of “The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya”, “Dragon Ball” etc.
 Takatoshi is a new student in a recently gender-integrated high school, and is asked to join the student council as the vice president. Thus begins his days as the only normal boy among 3 female student council officers.
 Second season of Seitokai Yakuindomo.
 Extra episode of Seitokai Yakuindomo *
 Ousai Academy was originally an all-girls high school. Due to the declining birth rates in recent years, it was converted into a co-ed school. The first year male students would find themselves surrounded by girls and unfortunately, Tsuda Takatoshi is one of them. What's worse, he gets scolded on his first day by the student council president Shino Amakusa, which did not give a good first impression of him. Tsuda also meets the other student council members while getting scolded, and in the end, he gets late for class. As an apology for ruining his morning, Shino lets him join the student council for various of "reasons" and he accepts it, or rather, he's forced to accept. Thus begins his days as Tsuda soon realizes that he's the only normal student in Ousai Academy...

 Takatoshi is a new student in a recently gender-integrated high school, and is asked to join the student council as the vice president. Thus begins his days as the only normal boy among 3 female student council officers.
 Yuuhi Yuugure and Yasumi Utatane, two high school voice actresses who just happened to attend the same school and coincidentally got placed into the same class, are the two hosts of a radio weekly program. As fellow classmates and voice actresses, they show all the listeners their great friendship! At least, on the surface. In reality, the quiet girl Chika and the gyaru Yumiko are complete opposites. And they absolutely cannot stand each other. Off air, chaos and insults erupt. On air, they're the best of friends. Just where will this tumultuous relationship lead them?
 The anime centers around Kurumi Azuchimomoyama, a normal 14-year-old girl who attends Egaogaoka Middle School. One day, an angel named "Devilun" that looks like a Tasmanian devil appears before her, and grants her the power to be the beautiful magical girl dinosaur angel warrior "Prima Angel," and tells her to fight the evil "Darkness Whales" organization. She proceeds to indiscriminately take out Darkness Whales members with weapons that stink of blood. The protagonists are three boy classmates of Kurumi who watch the entire thing while not really doing anything.
 Short specials included on the BD/DVD volumes of "Sekai de Ichiban Tsuyoku Naritai!"
 Hagiwara Sakura and Miyazawa Erena are the leading members of a popular idol group Sweet. One day, Erena is injured by the attack of a female pro-wrestler Kazama Rio during the recording of a TV program. Sakura gets mad at Rio and gives her a dropkick. To avenge Erena, Sakura enters the female pro-wrestling matches.
 Hagiwara Sakura and Miyazawa Erena are the leading members of a popular idol group Sweet. One day, Erena is injured by the attack of a female pro-wrestler Kazama Rio during the recording of a TV program. Sakura gets mad at Rio and gives her a dropkick. To avenge Erena, Sakura enters the female pro-wrestling matches.
 Each episode tells a different story from Grimm's Fairy Tales.
 Two people separated by time and space must unravel their tangled history before the world comes to an end.
 Even though Ritsu Onodera hates to rely on family connections, he winds up taking a job as an editor at his parents’ company, Marukawa Books. To his chagrin, he’s assigned to the shoujo manga department in spite of having no interest or experience in it. And on top of that, he has an awful first impression of his high-handed editor in chief, Masamune Takano. What comes after is a story of first love full of tears and laughter.
 Even though Ritsu Onodera hates to rely on family connections, he winds up taking a job as an editor at his parents’ company, Marukawa Books. To his chagrin, he’s assigned to the shoujo manga department in spite of having no interest or experience in it. And on top of that, he has an awful first impression of his high-handed editor in chief, Masamune Takano. What comes after is a story of first love full of tears and laughter.
 When Prince Siegfried spots a beautiful swan with a crown on its head, for some reason he feels compelled to follow it. He discovers that the swan is, in fact, a princess named Odette, who is under a wizard's curse that causes her to become a swan by day. The wizard, Rothbart, wants to keep Odette to himself, and the only thing that can break the spell on Odette is a man who truly loves her, with all his heart and soul...
 Twelve Months is the story of an orphaned girl named Anya. When a spoiled princess, who is also orphaned, sees a picture of a Galanthus, she immediately wants one. However, the Galanthus only blooms in spring, in the month of April. It is New Year's Eve and there was no way that such a flower can be found in the middle of the winter. The princess offers a basket of gold to anyone who can bring her a bag of Galanthus.
 The sole surviving human and her canine companion, Haru, wander a desolate wasteland after the destruction of civilization, but this is no dark doomsday tale. Haru, a wise-beyond-his-years talking shiba inu, makes sure his master stays one step ahead of post-apocalyptic pessimism with his clever antics, hilarious observations and philosophical ponderings. She may be the last girl on earth, but with Haru at her side, the road through the apocalypse will never be boring!
 he anime will be in an omnibus short format that will tell stories of the strange and bizarre in our world, including UFOs, cryptids, curses, ancient civilizations, supernatural powers, spiritual experiences, bizarre cases, different dimensions, and urban legends, told in a picture show style. The anime seeks to evoke the retro atmosphere of pulp horror stories that were popular in the '60s and '70s in magazines.
 The world's greatest assassin had sworn lifelong allegiance to the organization that raised him. However, despite his loyalty, that very same organization takes action to silence him, ultimately leading to his demise. Drowning in frustration and regrets he can no longer suppress, he finds himself in an audience with a goddess attracted by his exceptional skills. The goddess offers him reincarnation into a magnificent world of swords and magic so he can perform a crucial mission
 What does it take to conquer the world?! Every leader of the past has thought of it... but all they have done was to merely dream of its greatness. World domination... nobody has been able to achieve it. Until one little girl by the name of Kate Hoshimiya came along. Kate Hoshimiya will shock the world! How was she able to carry out such a magnificent stunt? So frightful! So glorious! Could this be... the Zvezda Plot?! Let the light of our great Zvezda shine upon this land far and wide!
 The unaired 13th episode of Sekai Seifuku
 Movie adaptation of the Sekaiichi Hatsukoi
 Minato Sahashi is extremely intelligent, yet due to his inability to cope under pressure has failed the college entrance exam twice. As a result he has been branded an idiot and loser by many. One day after talking to his yet again disappointed mother he comes into contact with a girl named Musubi who was under attack. The girl runs but takes him with her and soon finds that Minato, while unknown to him, is an Ashikabi, one of the mysterious set of masters that have the genetic trait that can become partners with some of the 108 cute girls, buxom women, and bish?nen called “Sekirei”. The reason for the partnership allows the Sekirei to use all their power to win in the competition held by the mysterious MBI corporation.
 Minato Sahashi is extremely intelligent, yet due to his inability to cope under pressure has failed the college entrance exam twice. As a result he has been branded an idiot and loser by many. One day after talking to his yet again disappointed mother he comes into contact with a girl named Musubi who was under attack. The girl runs but takes him with her and soon finds that Minato, while unknown to him, is an Ashikabi, one of the mysterious set of masters that have the genetic trait that can become partners with some of the 108 cute girls, buxom women, and bishounen called “Sekirei”. The reason for the partnership allows the Sekirei to use all their power to win in the competition held by the mysterious MBI corporation.
 "Kusano's first errand" - A ten minute OVA that came along with the 6th vol. limited edition of Sekirei. Kusano finally tires of nobody admitting her as Sahashi's potential wife, so she insists on joining Musubi and Tsukiumi on their shopping race to show her abilities. An iffy day ensues.
 "Kusano's first errand" - A ten minute OVA that came along with the 6th vol. limited edition of Sekirei. Kusano finally tires of nobody admitting her as Sahashi's potential wife, so she insists on joining Musubi and Tsukiumi on their shopping race to show her abilities. An iffy day ensues.
 The battle to find the supreme Sekirei continues. Still some of the fighters and their masters refuse to participate in the battle since losing it means to lose the Sekirei forever, and many of them actually care about their partners, while others just use them as tools. A storm is rising on the horizon, a bigger threat approaches the city and it's about to bring pain and suffering to those who love and care for their Sekireis.
 Four gypsum images with quirky personalities are part of an idol unit produced by a rookie female manager. The four members are soldier saint George, the amorous god of war Mars, the multitalent with a beautiful skin Hermes, and celebrity pioneer Medici.
 Held every summer, the national show "Selection Project" is the biggest gateway for girls who strive to be idols, and the place where the legendary idol Akari Amazawa was born. Suzune Miyama is also one who has longed for such a dream stage. Having been sick since childhood, she listened to the song of the light many times in her bed in the hospital room. Akari's singing voice gave her a lot of smiles and courage, inspiring Suzune to follow in her footsteps.In her last summer of junior high school, Suzune decides to challenge the 7th annual Selection Project to make her dream come true. The girls who challenge Selection all have strong feelings that are second to none, accumulated efforts, and extraordinary charm. Only nine stars are selected from among the thousands of candidates. Now, the hot and harsh "Audition Battle" of thegirls begins to make their dreams come true.

 Girls with each of these feelings in their hearts are being swallowed into the vortex of a dangerous game...
 WIXOSS is a card game that's popular with teenagers. Supposedly there exist "LRIG Cards," female character cards with wills of their own. Special girls can hear the voices of the LRIGs, and those who possess them are called Selectors. These Selectors have card battles in a dimension that other humans cannot access. It's said that whoever triumphs in these battles will have their wish granted. Ruko Kominato is the latest girl to find an LRIG card. She names her card Tama, and without any further explanation is thrown into her life as a Selector.
 Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD volumes of Selector Infected WIXOSS series.
 Second season of Selector Infected WIXOSS series.
 Computer science major Chu Sangwoo is the epitome of an inflexible and strict rule-abiding person. While working on a liberal arts group project with freeloaders who don’t put in any effort, Sangwoo reasonably decides to remove their names from the final presentation. But he didn’t imagine how involved he would become with the person whose study-abroad plans were messed up because of that project. The involved person
 Sengoku jidai crowd hacking game Sengoku Basara (or Devil Kings) is set for anime adaptation, with the conversion to be handled by Production IG.The characters in the game are mostly daimyo, and it seems the anime follows suit, with the announced characters having the same seiyuu as the game version (which had an all star cast).
 In the age of the Warring Countries, Japan was fragmented in semi-independent provinces, governed by feudal lords or daimyo, who confronted each other in an endless struggle for power. Ambitious daimyos from every corner of the Archipelago had shouted their battle cry. They were Takeda Shingen from Kai, Sanada Yukimura, Uesugi Kenshin from Echigo, Azai Nagamasa from Omi, Tokugawa Ieyasu from Mikawa, and many more...Those were days of unrest and chaos. As war spread throughout the country, the map of power underwent rapid and dramatic changes.In this never-ending conflict, one man finally seemed to be just one step from establishing total control over the country. He was the lord of Owari, the Sixth Heavenly Devil King. His name was Oda Nobunaga.But now, a young general clad in azure makes his unexpected appearance in this confused scenario, heading a huge army of cavalrymen from the Northern provinces.He is known as Date Masamune, the One-Eyed Dragon.And he is coming for Oda Nobunaga's head, and for ultimate supremacy!
 The story of the film is set after the conflict instigated by Toyotomi Hideyoshi ended, but not before the Battle of Sekigahara determines who shall be the Shogun of Japan.
 Sengoku jidai crowd hacking game Sengoku Basara (or Devil Kings) is set for anime adaptation, with the conversion to be handled by Production IG.The characters in the game are mostly daimyo, and it seems the anime follows suit, with the announced characters having the same seiyuu as the game version (which had an all star cast).
 Based on CAPCOM's 2010 game Sengoku Basara 3 (Sengoku Basara
 Based on CAPCOM's 2010 game Sengoku Basara 3 (Sengoku Basara
 Maeda Toshiie and Matsu visit Chousokabe Motochika, who governs Shikoku. They tell Motochika unreasonable demands from Nobunaga. Motochika rejects them and urges Maeda to betray Nobunaga. Meanwhile Keiji tries to convince Mouri Motonari to join the fight against Nobunaga, and is imprisoned as a result. Motochika and Motonari move against each other.
 The story of the film is set after the conflict instigated by Toyotomi Hideyoshi ended, but not before the Battle of Sekigahara determines who shall be the Shogun of Japan.
 The history, either daily life or life stories of Sengoku warriors, is described using animals. We invite popular young actors and unique casts to voice out those Sengoku warriors while joking about them. An anime that teases Japan's history and Sengoku warriors; that's "Sengoku Choujuu Giga."
 In a timeline different from our own, the generals of the Warring States period, vie for power. But they’re the same generals we know in name only
 In the year 1580, a man named Lord Nobunaga Oda sends hoards of unholy armies across Japan, slaying all who stand in their way. A young ninja escapes her villages' destruction with a short sword, one of the three mystical weapons that can end Oda's rule. During her quest, she is joined by two other ninjas who wield the other two weapons of legend, the sacred sword and spear.
 The year a comet races across the sky, splitting the heavens, from the depths of the Earth the dark god shall arise once again. Then, the dark evil lurking in the shadows shall come out of the depths of Hell and show itself in the present world. The emotions of the blade of the wind shall collect at the source of the blue light. And the three blades shall become one, vanquishing evil.The year is 1580, and the unholy armies of Lord Nobunaga Oda steadily spread across Japan. Narrowly escaping the slaughter of her clan, a young ninja steals into the shadows. She is Ayame, the last of the Kasumi clan, and the dagger she wields is one of three, mystical blades. She is joined by Sakon and Ryoma, renegade ninja and the possessors of the sacred sword and spear. Now, these shadow warriors must unite their weapons and skills to fulfill `The Prophesy of the Enchanted Swords` or die trying..
 A meteor strikes the Earth and is found to emanate a powerful new energy called Beamler, which is used to power a battle robot, GoShogun, and a teleporting fortress, Good Thunder. The Docougar Crime Syndicate, lead by crime lord Neo Neros, try to steal the secret of the energy from the inventor of GoShogun, but he kills himself rather than let them acquire it. His son is targeted by Neo Neros next, but he is taken in by the crew aboard Good Thunder, who travel the world fighting NeoNeros's forces with GoShogun.
 Remy Shimoda is in a hurry. She's on her way to a reunion with the other members of the Go Shogun team, and she's late. A police action with some robbers gets in her way, so she runs the robbers off the road. Her vision blurs and she gets into an accident. The movie splits into two with one plot following Remy's slow decline at the hospital with the Go Shogun members and former enemies at her side, and her experience in a strange city where she, and the rest of the team have their deaths foretold. Remy, herself, is plagued by visions of her death, and visitations from a threatening girl and her panther-like cat. The temple at the center of the city is the key, so the team sets out to battle their way into it. Based on the giant robot series "Go Shogun", this is a story focusing on Remy, the female member of the team.
 According to the presentation, the anime will cover the Siege of Ueda Castle.
 Set in the flourish world of Jinga that was formerly a prosperous and peaceful realm, the female protagonist is deemed to be the key to bring back order and to rule this world. Chaos started when people, specifically soldiers, who has special powers like turning into a vampire and a manwolf, called the Getsugazoku, fight for their land. These soldiers of different species would put their life on the line and fight as they follow their own thoughts and ideals. Until one day, she was called by a mysterious lady named "Hime Miko" due to the protagonist's blood bearing a mysterious power to give strength, healing, and to awake Jingazoku's real form. This is a story of love and war that she must not miss in order to rule the world.
 Yoshino Hide is an average girl who always seems to find trouble wherever she goes. One day Yoshino visits a local shrine to pray in order to pass her upcoming test. However, Yoshino sees a blue light coming from inside the Shrine and looks inside to find a mysterious person performing a magic spell. In a stroke of bad luck, Yoshino trips on a small bell and crashes into the shrine, prompting the stranger to catch her. Upon Yoshino's capture, the magic spell spirals out of control and sends Yoshino back in time to the Sengoku Era.Yoshino then encounters Akechi Mitsuhide and Oda Nobunaga. But unlike what really happened during the era, Hideyoshino realizes that everyone in the world is female. She then decides to help Oda Nobunaga find the Crimson Armor which is said to allow the person wearing the armor to conquer all of Japan.
 One night, after being accosted by a fortune-teller who’s adamant that Tanaka will meet with great misfortune, he is shockingly confessed to by a work colleague. The two men struggle and following an abrupt fall, Tanaka mysteriously finds himself tossed back in time to the year 1581. Suddenly thrust into the violent world of the Warring States Era, our reluctant time-traveler is in for the adventure of a lifetime.
 When Imperial forces attack the small border town of Bruhl, Welkin Gunther, son of late General Belgen Gunther, is forced to fight for his life alongside Town Watch captain Alicia Melchiott. Along with Welkin’s adopted sister Isara, the three escape to Gallia’s capital and subsequently join the country’s militia forces. As members of the newly-formed Squad 7, they must work to repel the invading Imperial forces and discover the true purpose of the invasion itself.
 When Imperial forces attack the small border town of Bruhl, Welkin Gunther, son of late General Belgen Gunther, is forced to fight for his life alongside Town Watch captain Alicia Melchiott. Along with Welkin’s adopted sister Isara, the three escape to Gallia’s capital and subsequently join the country’s militia forces. As members of the newly-formed Squad 7, they must work to repel the invading Imperial forces and discover the true purpose of the invasion itself.
 Despair War is a battle between ancient guns and contemporary guns. Due to a nuclear war, the world was destroyed. Under the full governance of a world empire, people are living with their freedom taken. Despite the forbidden rule of owning any weapons, there is a resistance that secretly fights against the world empire. They own ancient guns left as art and fight using these. Then, the Kijuushi appear as the souls of the ancient guns. Proud and magnificent, the "Absolute Royal" are the only ones that can give hope to this world. The story depicts the everyday life of the Kijuushi. Laughter, despair, happiness, confusion, pain; they would still pursue their own absolute loyalty to fight. What do they fight for? What should they protect?
 Humans have been menaced by mysterious monsters called “Designated Aberrant Disaster
 Fourth series of Senki Zesshou Symphogear.
 Humans have been menaced by mysterious monsters called “Designated Aberrant Disaster
 Original short episodes released with volumes 5 and 6 of the BD/DVD.
 After the frontier incident, everyone who knew the circumstances believed the Noise were gone and the pain they caused was at an end. But a new conflict approached unseen. In the Yokohama Harbor Oosan-bashi Pier, a new pattern is detected that is similar to the Noise. A combat group wielding mysterious technology stands in the way of Hibiki and the others. When she hears of this enemy of unprecedented strength, Tsubasa hurries back home from England. But the Symphogear users see no opening to counterattack and are forced into a difficult fight. In this situation of extreme disparity, the battle for the song that will end the world begins.
 Specials bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes 3-6.
 Fifth series of Senki Zesshou Symphogear.
 Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style. Bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes 3 to 6 of the anime.
 The story is set in Shanghai in 1931, when the Imperial Japanese Army has been dispatched to mainland China due to the relatively recent First Sino-Japanese War, Russo-Japanese War, and World War I. In this cosmopolitan city of intrigue, there is a special military spy organization called “Sakurai Kikan” that has since been buried in history.
 Igarashi Futuba's new job would be great if her senpai, Takeda Harumi, wasn't so incredibly annoying! Futuba hates his laugh, she hates how big he is, and she really hates that he treats her like a little kid. Just because Futuba is short and looks young doesn't make her a kid, and just because she spends so much time with Takeda doesn't mean she sees him as anything but an annoying senpai...or does she?!
 Makoto Hanaoka, a womanly second-year student, easily attracts other people's attention. First-year student Saki Aoi is no exception, and she falls in love with Makoto at first sight. Having a vibrant and vigorous personality, she does not hesitate to confess her feelings to her senior. However, Makoto differs significantly from the person Saki perceives
 TV anime project of Marvelous AQL’s action game series Senran Kagura.
 There was a time when there were ninja serving the powerful, hired for intelligence missions, destruction, or assassination. While the times have changed, the need for ninja has not vanished. In a particular school, there are girls who are secretly in training to become ninja. Ninjas-in-training, Asuka, Katsuragi, Hibari, Ikaruga, and Yagyuu each have a secret technique scroll that they protect at all times. This features their tumultuous school life as they pursue the path of the ninja!
 A letter arrives at Death Cram School. Inside is a an invitation to a spa resort. Yumi declares to the four excited girls that, "No. This is evil itself," points out that they are slacking off too much. Shiki proposes, "When opinions are divided, it's time for boob rock-paper-scissors!" and then wins so they all go to the pool. There, girls from Hanzoo Academy, Homura Crimson Squad, and Hebijo Clandestine Girls' Academy also come, but Asuka says, "Let's have fun together today" and they call a temporary truce. However, a trivial matter sets off a sour quarrel and, at Yumi's suggestion, they settle it with a showdown in the style of the ancient shinobi.
 Second season of Senran Kagura.
 Second season of Senran Kagura.
 TV anime project of Marvelous AQL’s action game series Senran Kagura.
 Meet Suzuki Mika, teacher at Okitsu High School. Mika-sensei is a good teacher, but she has a small problem... literally. Although she's 27, she is only 148 cm tall, and has the face of a child. As a result, it is often difficult for Mika-sensei to get anyone to take her seriously.
 Meet Suzuki Mika, teacher at Okitsu High School. Mika-sensei is a good teacher, but she has a small problem... literally. Although she's 27, she is only 148 cm tall, and has the face of a child. As a result, it is often difficult for Mika-sensei to get anyone to take her seriously.
 The series is centered on 27-year-old homeroom teacher Mika Suzuki (who only looks about half her age) and the eccentric and colorful students of her class.
 The series is centered on 27-year-old homeroom teacher Mika Suzuki (who only looks about half her age) and the eccentric and colorful students of her class.


 Sentimental Journey is a collection of twelve short stories about twelve different girls. Though unrelated, there is one common theme that binds the episodes together
 On the planet Zora exist two societies
 This full 3DCG digital animation has story takes place in the far future after a pillar of huge fog appeared suddenly in the South Pole. This pillar, known as Jam, is actually a passage for an earth invasion.In order to oppose the threat, the United Nations established an earth defense mechanism. Fukai Zero is a hero registered to the main force of earth defense and the special 5th flight squadron. His reconnaissance plane, Yukikaze (windblown snow) is the best tactical reconnaissance plane. His job is to collect battle information return safely to the base with the information. But one day when he about to finish his duty, an unidentified machine attacked him...
 Satan Rchimedes returns to the earth after being sealed for one thousand years by a hero. The King tries to seal Satan once again by dispatching descendants of the hero. However, it’s troublesome to find the genuine descendants, the king chooses 75 hero-like people. This is an adventure of Alba, the hero No.45, and an his monitoring fighter Ross.
 Satan Rchimedes returns to the earth after being sealed for one thousand years by a hero. The King tries to seal Satan once again by dispatching descendants of the hero. However, it’s troublesome to find the genuine descendants, the king chooses 75 hero-like people. This is an adventure of Alba, the hero No.45, and an his monitoring fighter Ross.
 Satan Rchimedes returns to the earth after being sealed for one thousand years by a hero. The King tries to seal Satan once again by dispatching descendants of the hero. However, it’s troublesome to find the genuine descendants, the king chooses 75 hero-like people. This is an adventure of Alba, the hero No.45, and an his monitoring fighter Ross.

 Eleven young hearts with eleven dreams. Deep in their hearts, each girl has a secret dream of love and sadness. They meet together at Acropolis Tower to see if their dreams will come true. Imagine what happens when eleven average girls with eleven special talents join together to make the world a better place.
 Kona is a boy who has a friend
 Lain Iwakura appears to be an ordinary girl, with almost no experience with computers. Yet the sudden suicide of a schoolmate, and a number of strange occurrences, conspire to pull Lain into the world of the Wired, where she gradually learns that nothing is what it seems to be... not even Lain herself.
 The story revolves around a 16-year-old boy (15 at the beginning of the story) named Mahiru Shirota who likes simple things and dislikes difficult things. One day, he picks up a stray black cat he finds in the middle of the road and gives it the name Kuro (which literally translates into "black"). From this moment on, a contract between the servamp Sleepy Ash and Mahiru is formed, and Mahiru is pulled into the Servamp war between the seven deadly Servamps and their eighth sibling Tsubaki.
 The story revolves around a 16-year-old boy (15 at the beginning of the story) named Mahiru Shirota who likes simple things and dislikes difficult things. One day, he picks up a stray black cat he finds in the middle of the road and gives it the name Kuro (which literally translates into "black"). From this moment on, a contract between the servamp Sleepy Ash and Mahiru is formed, and Mahiru is pulled into the Servamp war between the seven deadly Servamps and their eighth sibling Tsubaki.
 The Servamps and their pact-bound "Eves" are finally getting back to their normal lives as they recover from their injuries from the previous battles. However, when it starts snowing in the middle of summer, one of the Eves, Mahiru Shirota, suspects vampiric interference. Concerned by the strange phenomenon, he sets out to gather the group once more to try and solve the mystery; however, they suddenly lose contact with Misono Arisuin, the Eve of the Servamp of Lust.Servamp Movie
 The story features the staff of the health and welfare section of the ward office of a certain city. Newcomers Hasebe Yutaka, Yamagami, Miyoshi Saya, and their supervisor Ichimiya Taishi go through the everyday quirks of working at their office.
 A young boy gets saved from drowning by a mermaid but, according to mermaid law, if a human sees a mermaid’s true form, both have to be killed. The only way to save them is to get married.
 A young boy gets saved from drowning by a mermaid but, according to mermaid law, if a human sees a mermaid’s true form, both have to be killed. The only way to save them is to get married.
 Michishio Nagasumi's life couldn't be any more normal. In an odd twist of events, during his summer vacation he ends up almost drowning in the sea. Luckily, the cute mermaid Seto San appears to save him. However, San is from a yakuza mermaid family and according to their law, if a human is to catch sight of a mermaid, either he or the mermaid must die. The only other way is for Nagasumi to be taken in as a family member, marrying San. In attempts to save both of their lives, Nagasumi asks for San's hand in marriage. Nagasumi's summer vacation reaped more then what he would expect, as he must now protect San from others finding her secret out.
 Seven Knights Revolution
 The everyday life of Nakano, a salaryman working for an exploitative company, is suddenly intruded upon by the fox, Senko-san (800-year-old little girl). Whether it be cooking, cleaning, or special service(?)... she'll heal his exhaustion with her tender "care."
 The everyday life of Nakano, a salaryman working for an exploitative company, is suddenly intruded upon by the fox, Senko-san (800-year-old little girl). Whether it be cooking, cleaning, or special service(?)... she'll heal his exhaustion with her tender "care."
 Okometsubu Fujiyama has recently transferred over to a new school, Wakame High School. His goal is to make 100 friends--until he meets the extremely weird Masaru Hananakajima. Masaru is a martial artist whose specialty is the "Sexy Commando" form of martial art. Masaru forms a club based on this art, including Fujiyama, who he nicknames Fuumin, in the club. The club becomes full of strange, yet wacky people. Aliens, mustaches, and cute fuzzy animals are encountered as the club moves along and gets steadily more popular.
 The Great Planet is dying, since its Queen is old and powerless... and the universe will perish along with it. Princess Aurora of the Moon volunteers to become the new Queen, so she must set out in a dangerous travel... along with her friends and escorts
 Kim is living a peaceful life with his father as a farmer on their planet until one day when a runaway spaceship is detected moving at a high speed towards his father's farm. To rescue his father Kim jumps on board the ship and manages to land it safely before it crashes.

 1984
 A little ghost girl gets worries when Ms. Fushihara, a corporate slave, is working till midnight, and tries to make her go home. While saying "Leave now~," the ghost girl helps and brings her refreshments, healing Ms. Fushihara's heart with her preciousness. Be healed by the heartwarming daily life of the cute little ghost and the corporate slave Ms. Fushihara.
 Shachou, Battle no Jikan Desu! is based on a strategy role-playing game of the same name, set in an alternative world where the player acts as the "president" to recruit and train adventurers. The adventurers are then dispatched into dungeons to fight monsters and recover loot.
 Shadow Raiders is set in a five-planet star system known as the Cluster. The four inhabited planets are in a constant state of war, always raiding one another for resources unique to each planet. However, when an alien named Tekla comes from another solar system, she brings a warning
 In the land of Kuruda, warriors with magical powers and incredible fighting skills battle for the ultimate prize
 In this OVA, the story of Gau's history with his adopted sister and the secrets that make up the shadow skill unfold. The pair make their annual return to the gravesite of Gau's parents, where his growth and progress as a warrior can be exhibited for them. Gau has come along way in his training as a Sevalle under Elle's mentorship, but there are those who wish to find a way of eliminating them, just waiting for the right opportunity to mount a deadly attack. As the travellers make their journey, their family bonds and skill will be tested. Opponents are many, and battles are fierce, but Gau's training also entails taking on his sister in battle, and fully embracing the skills he must learn to defeat his ultimate opponent.
 In this OVA, the story of Gau's history with his adopted sister and the secrets that make up the shadow skill unfold. The pair make their annual return to the gravesite of Gau's parents, where his growth and progress as a warrior can be exhibited for them. Gau has come along way in his training as a Sevalle under Elle's mentorship, but there are those who wish to find a way of eliminating them, just waiting for the right opportunity to mount a deadly attack. As the travellers make their journey, their family bonds and skill will be tested. Opponents are many, and battles are fierce, but Gau's training also entails taking on his sister in battle, and fully embracing the skills he must learn to defeat his ultimate opponent.
 This thrilling fantasy action OVA is fully rendered in CG created by ToonShader technology. The story takes place in warrior kingdom where a deadly martial art called Shadow Skill is practiced to defend the continued existence of the kingdom. Dreaming of becoming an invincible warrior one day, like the legendary warrior named Scar Face who has defeated 2,000 opponents, the boy named Gau Ban trains hard with his older adopted sister Elle who has mastered Shadow Skill. A deadly combat breaks out when a rouge pack of intruders suddenly assaults the castle to steal a box that contains a secret...
 During her summer holiday at her grandparents house Tamai Shiina, a young and cheerful schoolgirl, meets a strange looking creature. They befriend each other and Shiina names it "Hoshimaru - The Round Star". When Shiina returns home after the summer to go back to school she starts meeting other kids that also have befriended a strange creature like Hoshimaru. But she soon finds out that not all these creatures and their masters are as friendly as Hoshimaru.
 Faceless shadow nobles living in a vast mansion, attended by living dolls who spend much of their time cleaning up the soot endlessly emitted by their mysterious masters.Follow the story of Emilyko, a young and cheerful living doll, as she learns her duties serving as the attendant for Kate Shadow-sama.
 Second season of Shadows House.
 Second season of Shadows House.
 Based on a free-to-play digital collectible card video game developed and published by Cygames.
 Shadowverse Flame features a new protagonist Light Tenryu and its story is set in Shadovar College, a facility that trains professional players of the Shadowverse game. Tenryu Light, a transfer student, decides to join "Seventh Flame," one of the seven Shadovar clubs. However, Seventh Flame is on the verge of closure due to a lack of members! In order to avoid the club's demise, Light decides to look for new members. But what awaits him are powerful rivals who control a wide variety of cards...

 Shadowverse (TV) Special Episode.
 It's girls, gangs, and cars in this adaptation of the 1985 manga in Young Magazine, by Lullaby for Wednesday's Cinderella-creator Michiharu Kusunoki. Local punks steal cars, switch the plates, and sell them, but not without racing them for a while against rival gangs. The anime continues the story where the 1987 live-action movie starring Kazuya Kimura left off.
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 He had thought his normal days would last forever, until they were ended abruptly by an encounter with a girl with red hair and eyes. He named her Shana.Not long after he enters high school, Sakai Yuji’s normal days come to an end. He sees something bizarre on his way home
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Shana and Alastor, Lord of the Crimson Realm, continue to do battle with the Denizens, who are trying to steal the Power of Existence from mortals. In the last battle, Yuji is revealed to be a mystes, a "torch" of nearly unlimited Power of Existence. Since the Denizens want to capture Yuji and use him to upset the balance of the Realm, Shana resolves to protect Yuji. Yuji then vows to join Shana in her fight.
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Wielding a blazing sword, Shana's sole purpose is to fight demon-like beings that consume human lives. During a volatile war to stop a foe from devouring every life in Misaki City, Shana cuts Yuji in her crossfire. When the villain discovers this teenage boy is gifted with an immense power, he holds Yuji hostage to lure Shana into a trap that could to destroy the huntress and the entire city!
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Sakai Yuuji, a high school student who expected his normal life to last forever, is dead. When he was on his way home he witnessed a shocking view as the world suddenly froze
 Three Naze Nani Shana episodes that were DVD magazine exclusives of the Shakugan no Shana no Subete magazine.
 First-year high schooler Tatsuya Yoigoshi, the former ace of a junior high school soccer team who has come to dislike sports, receives an invitation to join the Kabaddi club. Initially mocking the idea of Kabaddi, he takes an interest after watching an intense competition akin to martial arts at a practice session.
 The manga follows middle school students Koyori Tsumujikaze and Agari Kamiya as they enter the world of girls' middle school ping pong
 Asakura Yoh is a shaman, a person who communicates with ghosts. He enters the Shaman Fight, for whoever wins the tournament gets to commune with the Great Spirit, God . . . that and his fiance Anna wants to be the wife of the Shaman King. Helping him are his friends Manta, Horo Horo, Ryu, and his samurai ghost partner, Amidamaru.Once every 500 years, there’s an event called the Shaman Fight, and whoever wins becomes the Shaman King and can use the most powerful spirits ever. Asakura Yoh comes to Tokyo to train and become the Shaman King. Accompanied by many friends, he defeats many enemies along and the way, and gets more friends. Yoh is a young shaman, one who can see and communicate with spirits. Shaman’s also have another power,the ability to unify with spirits and use the spirit’s fighting skills. Yoh is training to become the Shaman King, strongest among all Shamans, a title won by winning the Grand Tournament that takes place every 500 years. Helping him are his best friend Morty, a short kid who can also see ghosts, Amidamaru, an old samurai and his spirit partner, and his fiance Ana, a spirit meduim and his trainer. However, another Shaman family is trying to keep Yoh out of the tournament. Along the way he meets a bunch of other misfit ghosts and wannabe Shamans.
 Asakura Yoh is a shaman, one who can see and communicate with spirits. Yoh is training to become the Shaman King, strongest among all the Shamans. The ones helping him are Manta, a short boy who can see ghosts and Amidamaru, who is an old samurai spirit and Yoh's partner. However there are also others who are trying to get the title Shaman King.

 Throughout the broadcast of Shaman King, many shorts (usually referred to as Shaman King omake and TV specials) were made on special days of the year related to spirits and the like. The omake were short stories that were made for humorous effect. Apparently, all of the omake fit into the story before the Shaman Fight 2nd round. Documents of the Shaman Fight was shown with a New Year's omake as well. The TV Specials were aired after specific points of the story as well as on holidays. The specials were never dubbed in English, and, most likely, never will be.
 The story will center on You and Anna's son, Hana.
 From the Guardian World, home of mages, Tiara has been sent on a mission
 From the Guardian World, home of mages, Tiara has been sent on a mission

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Third animated movie of Old Master Q. Old Man Q, Big Potato and Mr. Chin work at a lunapark and encounter a series of unlucky events. To acquire the land of the lunapark, the director of the Landlord Company threatens to demolish the lunapark with a bomb. By a chance, Old Man Q meets an alien called Shan T and they become friends. Shan T then helps Old Man Q to fight against Landlord Company henchmen.
 The story revolves around an ordinary Shanghai family. Feifei Han, who has devoted herself to the advertising industry, encountered a career crisis in her first year. At the same time, her parents are increasingly pressuring her to get married. Under the double attack, Feifei's life fell into a mess. Whenever Feifei fell into confusion, his father Dongliang Han would show up to encourage his daughter. In the intertwined memories, Feifei realizes the love and teachings from her father Dongliang. In the end, with the encouragement of family and friends, Feifei gets rid of her confusion and continues on with new vigor.
 Second year high school student Rakurou Hizutome is interested in one thing only
 In the future, with the increasing number of natural disasters and disasters from the universe, a mysterious organization called "Shanhai Jihui" appeared, intending to destroy and replace contemporary human beings. The protagonist, Lei Qi, joins the "Titanium" exoskeleton armored combat team, and has a multi-faceted confrontation with this mysterious technological organization. Through step-by-step decryption, he discovered that the human dream is actually a window to fully access the entire universe, so he revolved around the reality and the quadrant. The exploration of the world and the confrontation between civilizations of different ages began...
 Second season of Shanhe Jian Xin.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Animated shorts of the Tactical Dolls from the "Girls' Frontline" mobile game.
 The story takes place twenty years before Shao Nian Ge Xing.
 Second season of Shaonian Ge Xing.

 In Ming dynasty, legend goes that there is an ancient deity's book covering a wide range of technical issues, including the unique method of manufacturing the weapons of deity, which has the power to destroy everything. He who gets that book rules the entire nation. Reportedly, in ancient times, deity made the royal family keep the book, as a sign of acknowledging their ruler-ship.However, in Yuan dynasty, the Mongolians invaded the central plain and ruled the nation. There was chaos everywhere and the book which was supposed to be enshrined in the Imperial Palace was somehow missing and reappeared in the outlaw societies, luring lots of forces to fight for it.When Han people regained the ruler-ship in Ming dynasty, though the deity's book was found back and enshrined in the Imperial Palace again, those outlaw forces already knew that the book was more than just a legend! It did exist! So they plotted to steal it out. There are there most famous robbers in the outlaw societies
 The second season of The Young Imperial Guards.

 The story takes place before WWII at a photo studio on top of a hill. Many people visit this studio to have their photos taken. One day, a couple comes, but the wife is so shy that she always lowers her head. The owner of the studio tries all kinds of tricks to get her to smile and eventually succeeds.One year later, the couple comes again, but this time they bring their daughter along. She always looks grumpy, and again, the owner has to try everything to get her to smile. Thus starts a long-running relationship between the girl and the owner, and time passes to years and then decades...
 Kuu Shiratori often fantasizes and dreams of her “prince”, and longs to meet him as her ordinary school life in the school-city of Academia proceeds. One day, a young man, Kyoshiro Ayanokoji, transfers to her class, and strangely enough, bears a striking resemblence to the prince of her dreams. Kuu is elated, but soon after things start to not go her way, as she soon finds out that Kyoshiro is different from how she imagined him to be. However, after Kyoshiro saves her after she gets caught in the middle of a fight involving mechanical creatures and magic she has never witnessed before, she begins to appreciate him once again, and thus, a beautiful relationship between two young people commences.
 Banished into the Cold Palace, robbed of her newborn daughter, stripped of her status... She wants to avenge her husband now that she’s lost everything. She is his Queen, but she is also the one person that he wants to get rid of the most. She’s his disgrace and he’s her grudge. She rises like a phoenix from the ashes, renounces herself from love and returns full of hatred. After a few battles she says with a smile
 Rin, a 17-year-old girl, lives inside a futuristic simulator in infinite, beautiful loneliness. Each day, she awakens in virtual reality to create a world for herself, yet in real life, Rin's comatose body floats through the universe, forever trapped inside a virtual simulation she will never wake up from...
 The top killer of the 21st century crossed time and space into the Cold Palace as a useless Empress. To have a good life in the harem, you need to be good in the Royal Kitchen and excellent in the Emperor's bed. There is a super handsome and evil-minded husband and a cute baby genius - not to forget the superb Royal Kitchen system for lotteries. Conquer this dapper man with a pot and a spoon, dominate the harem and embark on the pinnacle of life!
 In the 2501st year of the Glacier Calendar, the asteroid where the demons and the orcs survive flew to and hit the only continent on the phalanx - the fairy continent, known as the cataclysm in history. After the human ancestor Tianxing predicted the cataclysm with the Book of Prophecy, the two great powers, the demons and the spirits, joined all races to refine the seven-sacred artifact to fight against the collision and avoid the destruction of the world. The Fairy Continent was then torn apart and turned into seven seas and six regions. More than 300 years after the cataclysm, the demons gradually awakened and extended their minions to the Seven Seas and Six Regions... By chance, the two human teenagers obtained the Peerless Pearl among the Seven Gods Pearls, giving them the ability to The ability to summon each other. And the fate of mankind is about to be rewritten!
 The second season of Shen Lan Qi Yu Wushuang Zhu.
 The series takes place in ancient times, where people worship totems and several unique tribes exist. The highly respected Totem Warriors have utmost faith in their beliefs and protect their tribes. The protagonist, though not initially set to becomes a Totem Warrior, is eventually placed on that path. And thus, his adventure begins.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Years ago, the gods fought against each other before being sealed away. However their artifacts remained in the souls of the HuaXia clan as part of a contract and hope that someday in the future, they will awaken once more using those artifacts.

 While the demons were rising, mankind was about to become extinct. Six temples rose, and protected the last of mankind. A young boy joins the temple as a knight to save his mother. During his journey of wonders and mischief in the world of temples and demons, will he be able to ascend to become the strongest knight and inherit the throne?
 A beauty blogger is trapped in a game where she has to do makeup for the royal family.
 In the post-civilization era, earth anomalies occurred frequently, and strange fruits appeared in famous mountains and rivers. Chu Feng, a college student, stumbled into the bronze Kunlun Mountains during a broken love trip, awakened the Supreme King’s bloodline unexpectedly as the earth revived, and opened the way to dominate the practice!
 In the post-civilization era, earth anomalies occurred frequently, and strange fruits appeared in famous mountains and rivers. Chu Feng, a college student, stumbled into the bronze Kunlun Mountains during a broken love trip, awakened the Supreme King’s bloodline unexpectedly as the earth revived, and opened the way to dominate the practice!
 Young man Wei Sisi worked hard to support himself after losing all his memories. One day in an accident, he somehow obtained an ability with which he could see the memories of the dead. A series of events coming right after it made him aware that he had been involved into a well-designed conspiracy. His past was also gradually uncovered...
 The film Deep Sea is another original animated feature film directed by Tian Xiaopeng after Monkey King
 Xiaoyu and his friends finally became totem warriors. In order to fight against the evil Jiuli tribe, the young totem warriors went out to practice, looking for their own spirit beasts. Jiuli intends to encroach on the mysterious Gu Baolong's heart, and wants to resurrect the evil god Chi You. The Warrior Tower fought back, but Gun and others from unknown sources also fought with ulterior motives. Mengdan Lake is surging.
 Lian En is a god who has lied too much and has now attracted bad karma. One day, he meets a high school student who will change his destiny forever!
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 Protagonist XiaoFei used to be an ordinary guy from H city. After the spring water was contaminated with a virus, however, he unexpectedly encountered an unprecedented crisis. The people living in H City became zombies one by one, devouring each other, and gradually evolving. Can XiaoFei escape from H city and meet up with his girlfriend Wei? The story now begins...
 Yang Yao is a renowned exorcist who drives out spirits that bother the normal lives of humans. When he is faced with a difficult case, he enlists the help of his winemaker friend, Yanan.

 Second season of Shi Yi Chang An
 On the far side of the Milky Way, there is a planet gestating magical power-Wilhallen. There are four very different countries on this magical continent
 Haruka Tsuchiya is a plain and simple university student who has a pet by the name of Okojo-san. Okojo-san was actually born in one of the mountains in the North and brought to one of the pet shops to be sold. Determined to get out of the pet shop, Okojo-san formulated an escape strategy and ended up in the house of Haruka. There are always funny and strange occurances happening around the two, be it the people or animals who are near them. This is a gag anime in which absurdity is the main feature of the story.
 Shibainuko-san is a 14-year-old girl who looks exactly like a Shiba Inu dog. One of her classmates, Ishibashi Chako, wonders about her appearance, but no one else thinks it is strange. (AKA
 Nana Suzuki winds up being split into seven copies of herself. Besides the original Nana, there's also a smart Nana, a happy Nana, an angry Nana, a sensitive Nana, a sad Nana, and a slow Nana.
 Nana Suzuki winds up being split into seven copies of herself. Besides the original Nana, there's also a smart Nana, a happy Nana, an angry Nana, a sensitive Nana, a sad Nana, and a slow Nana.
 Arima Kousei is a former child prodigy who lost his ability to play the piano when his mother died. His daily life is monochrome, but it begins to gain colour when he meets a female violinist by chance. Miyazono Kawori is an audacious go-getter who is overflowing with personality. Enchanted by the girl, Kousei starts to move forward with his own legs at the age of 14.
 Music accompanies the path of the human metronome, the prodigious pianist Kousei Arima. But after the passing of his mother, Saki Arima, Kousei falls into a downward spiral, rendering him unable to hear the sound of his own piano.Two years later, Kousei still avoids the piano, leaving behind his admirers and rivals, and lives a colorless life alongside his friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari. However, everything changes when he meets a beautiful violinist, Kaori Miyazono, who stirs up his world and sets him on a journey to face music again.Based on the manga series of the same name, Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso approaches the story of Kousei's recovery as he discovers that music is more than playing each note perfectly, and a single melody can bring in the fresh spring air of April.
 OVA bundled with the 11th Shigatsu wa Kimi no Uso manga volume.The OVA will focus on Kousei, Emi, and Takeshi when they were younger, showing their troubles during their competitions and the beginning of their rivalry.
 Side stories released exclusively on DVD.
 Fumika and Kanaka are mail carriers- but not the typical kind. For one, Kanaka is a talking staff and for two, Fumika delivers shigofumi
 In a modern metropolis there is a small store called "Time Photo Studio." Although only a few customers come to visit, it's actually run by Cheng Xiaoshi and Lu Guang, two men with special powers. They cooperate and use their super powers to enter the photos in order to fulfil the client's request. However, things always get out of their control...
 It is said that a picture is worth a thousand words. In this case, it holds an infinite amount of secrets. These are secrets that only Cheng Xiaoshi and Lu Guang are able to find. In a small shop called "Time Photo Studio," the two friends provide a special service
 Second season of Shiguang Dailiren.

 On his wedding day, Shi Xiaoguang could only helplessly watch as a mysterious power took his bride Xiaqing, away. Afterwards, he found that no one remembered the existence of “Xiaqing” and he is hunted by this unclear force. Faced with this situation, Shi Xiaoguang slowly began understanding that the world as he knew it had changed.
 Chibi-styled episodes of daily life at the photo studio.
 At the beginning of the Edo Era, when people enjoyed a time of peace, Lord Tokugawa Tadanaga holds a fighting tournament. In the past, matches were fought with wooden swords. This time, real swords will be used.One-armed Fujiki Gennosuke and blind Irako Seigen will fight each other in this match. Both are disciples of Iwamoto Kogan, who is known as Japan's greatest swordsman. Each of them are determined to prove himself the successor of Iwamoto's school. However, there can only be one champion.So begins a story of intertwining fates, conflict, and strange destinies.
 Plot Summary
 Since the beginning of time, monstrous Demons and noble Guardians have battled for Earth - the everlasting gift of the one great Mother, creator of all life. A deep hatred burns between Demon and Guardian; the Guardians prevented the Demons from destroying humanity and the world itself.Eons later, Neo-Shinjuku City
 Since the beginning of time, monstrous Demons and noble Guardians have battled for Earth - the everlasting gift of the one great Mother, creator of all life. A deep hatred burns between Demon and Guardian; the Guardians prevented the Demons from destroying humanity and the world itself.Eons later, Neo-Shinjuku City
 As the most powerful entity of all time, the Demon Lord Varvatos thinks life is a big fat snore. When he takes matters into his own hands and decides to reincarnate, he calibrates his magical strength to be perfectly average. But there is no way he could have predicted that everyone in the modern world would be weak as hell, which means he is totally overpowered once again! Reborn under the name Ard, he has ladies fawning over him, the royal family begging him to become the next king, and an ex-minion insisting on killing him?! But Ard has a one-track mind, and he won't stop at anything to achieve his ultimate goal
 As the most powerful entity of all time, the Demon Lord Varvatos thinks life is a big fat snore. When he takes matters into his own hands and decides to reincarnate, he calibrates his magical strength to be perfectly average. But there is no way he could have predicted that everyone in the modern world would be weak as hell, which means he is totally overpowered once again! Reborn under the name Ard, he has ladies fawning over him, the royal family begging him to become the next king, and an ex-minion insisting on killing him?! But Ard has a one-track mind, and he won't stop at anything to achieve his ultimate goal!
 The title “Corpse Princess” belongs to Makina Hoshimura, an undead girl who seeks to hunt down 108 corpses in order to go to heaven.Genres
 Description
 After being brutally murdered along with her family, Makina Hoshimura turns into a Shikabane Hime, a living corpse contracted to the Kougon Cult, in order to exert revenge on the mysterious undead organization responsible for her death. She is assisted in this task by Keisei Tagami, her contracted priest and former friend. This series follows the story of Keisei's younger brother Ouri, a boy with an unusual attraction to death, who slowly discovers his brother's secret and gets dragged into the world of the Shikabanes.
 A direct continuation of Shikabane Hime
 This special follows the story of how Isaki Shuuji and Ruo Minai became Contracted Priest and Shikabane Hime.
 During a fiercely hot summer in Sotoba, a peaceful and quiet village with a population of 1300 people, a series of bizarre deaths begin to occur. At the same time, a strange family moves into a long abandoned mansion in the region.Hospital dean Toshio Ozaki cannot figure out the cause of death in the deceased, initially suspecting an epidemic. As investigations continue between the hospital staff and the residents, it turns out that the village is being attacked by vampires.
 During a fiercely hot summer in Sotoba, a peaceful and quiet village with a population of 1300 people, a series of bizarre deaths begin to occur. At the same time, a strange family moves into a long abandoned mansion in the region.Hospital dean Toshio Ozaki cannot figure out the cause of death in the deceased, initially suspecting an epidemic. As investigations continue between the hospital staff and the residents, it turns out that the village is being attacked by vampires.
 An anthology film featuring the three shorts, titled "Hidamari no Choushoku" (Sunny Breakfast), "Chiisana Fashion Show" (A Small Fashion Show), and "Shanghai Koi" (Shanghai Love). All three will be set in three different Chinese cities.The theme of the three stories are food, clothing, and shelter. "Hidamari no Choushoku" is about a youth working in Beijing and a grandmother in his hometown. "Chiisana Fashion Show" is about sisters living in Guangzhou. "Shanghai Koi" is set in 1990s Shanghai and is a homage to Byousoku 5 Centimeter (5 Centimeters Per Second).The project's theme song is "WALK" by Vickeblanka.
 The rigorous city life of China, while bustling and unforgiving, contains the everlasting memories of days past. Three stories told in three different cities, Shikioriori follows the loss of youth and the daunting realization of adulthood.Though reality may seem ever changing, unchangeable are the short-lived moments of one's childhood days. A plentiful bowl of noodles, the beauty of family and the trials of first love endure the inevitable flow of time, as three different characters explore the strength of bonds and the warmth of cherished memories. Within the disorder of the present world, witness these quaint stories recognize the comfort of the past, and attempt to revive the neglected flavors of youth.
 Shikizakura
 Shikizakura

 16 years after the "Law for Public Order and Morals in Healthy Child-Raising" banned coarse language in the country, Tanukichi Okuma enrolls in the country's leading elite public morals school and is soon invited into the Anti-Societal Organization (SOX) by its founder, Ayame Kajou. As a member blackmailed into joining by Ayame, Tanukichi ends up taking part in obscene acts of terrorism against the talented student council president Anna (for whom Tanukichi has a crush on).
 Heroine, Hiromi Oka, has just entered a high school famous for its tennis club. She has started playing tennis yearning after Madam Butterfly. She was expecting to enjoy playing tennis with her best friend, Maki, but the situation changes when the new coach, Mr. Munakata, suddenly picks out Hiromi to be one of the players for the upcoming tournament and starts giving Hiromi tough lessons. She strives under any circumstance. The more the new coach gives her training, the better she seems to get. Finally she becomes the representative in the junior match tournament.
 After wandering through the desert for days, a bitter warrior named Munsu is lost and unable to continue. His life is unexpectedly saved by Mon-ryon, a young man who dreams of becoming a secret agent for Jushin, a once-great country that was recently destroyed. Mon-ryon's goal is to save his girlfriend, Chunhyan, a born fighter who is held captive by the evil Lord Byonand. Then, from out of nowhere, blood begins trickling from his chest. He has been fatally wounded by the Sarinjas, a cannibalistic breed of desert goblin. The quick-thinking Munsu convinces these beasts to spare his life, in exchange for the peaceful handover of Mon-ryon's appetizing corpse. Although skeptical of Mon-ryon's motives, Munsu sets out to continue the mission that the young idealist described. Accompanied by an army of ghost troops, unleashed using the powers of Angyo Onshi, Munsu liberates Chunhyan. After visiting her boyfriend's final resting place, she declares herself Munsu's bodyguard and, together, they set out on a mission to punish those who stripped Jushin of its original glory.
 Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life.
 Shin CT takes place at the U-16 word cup in France. After some friendly matches in Germany, Japan defeats one opponent after another and finally reaches the final round against Germany. After hard matches against Italian and French top players, the German team seems to be even more supreme. The giant goal keeper Moeller, the all round ace Kalz and Europe's best player and forward Schneider offer the Japanese team an extremely hard match.
 Youka is a young 13-year-old boy. One day, his Uncle, Kakusei, has him follow in his steps of martial arts and has him study the art of Zenshinkyou. After being mistreated, Youka runs away Zenshinkyou. He stumbles on a Forbidden Tomb where he finds a beautiful young woman, by the name of Shouryuujo. After a short time, Youka is eventually accepted by Shouryuujo to study the techniques of the Koboha under her, and thus begins their adventure through martial arts and love.
 After passing the Guangzhou Special Chef Trials, Mao decided to travel around China, to learn more about the unique preparation of food. Upon his return, he will learn that the real battle has only just begun. The Underground Cooking Society has already begun to move...
 Sequel of Shin Chuuka Ichiban.
 Cosplay City is in danger when the evil Dolmeck shows up. Commanding his army of monsters, he plans on destroying everything. Only one person can stop this
 Cosplay City is in danger when the evil Dolmeck shows up. Commanding his army of monsters, he plans on destroying everything. Only one person can stop this
 In this adaptation of a manga by Fumi Shibama, itself a retelling of a 1972 manga by Kazuo Kamimura (the original Age of Cohabitation whose existence is implied by the "new" in this title), Honda has been living with Eri for two years and debates whether or not he should ask her to marry him.
 Humanity is under attack by demonic creatures called Oni. Unable to fight back by any other means, the scientist Dr. Saotome creates a series of giant robots that harness the mysterious power of Getter Rays, giving them the strength necessary to fight the Oni. The strongest of these is Getter Robo, and Saotome must enlist three very different men to pilot it - martial artist Ryoma Nagare, criminal leader Hayato Jin, and monk Benkei Musashibou. Together, the Getter Team fights to end the Oni menace forever.
 Humanity is under attack by demonic creatures called Oni. Unable to fight back by any other means, the scientist Dr. Saotome creates a series of giant robots that harness the mysterious power of Getter Rays, giving them the strength necessary to fight the Oni. The strongest of these is Getter Robo, and Saotome must enlist three very different men to pilot it - martial artist Ryoma Nagare, criminal leader Hayato Jin, and monk Benkei Musashibou. Together, the Getter Team fights to end the Oni menace forever.
 Years after the defeat of the Reptilian Empire, Getter Team has begun training on a new super robot, Neo Getter Robo. But a surprise attack from the Empire's revived leader forces them to recruit a street fighter named Go Ichimonji as Getter One's pilot. Faced with an enormously powerful foe, the new team's only hope for victory may lie in the resurrection of the lost weapon of humanity, Shin Getter Robo.

 Remake of old superhero show of the same name.
 New Ikkitousen.
 New Ikkitousen.
 It's been several years and Kyosuke Kasuga is now 19. A mysterious phone call warns him of oncoming cars but he doesn't listen. Ironically, he gets hit by a car and because of his telepathic abilities, gets sent three years into the future. His 22 year old future self is now a photographer who is lost in Bosnia and believed to be dead. Kyosuke must find his 22 year old future self and restore himself, the 19 year old, to his correct time. Along the way he reunites with Hikaru who is now a professional and famous dancer. Madoka is also there, distraught over both Kyosuke, the 22 year old, going missing in Bosnia and Kyosuke, the 19 year old, getting hit by a car.
 It's been several years and Kyosuke Kasuga is now 19. A mysterious phone call warns him of oncoming cars but he doesn't listen. Ironically, he gets hit by a car and because of his telepathic abilities, gets sent three years into the future. His 22 year old future self is now a photographer who is lost in Bosnia and believed to be dead. Kyosuke must find his 22 year old future self and restore himself, the 19 year old, to his correct time. Along the way he reunites with Hikaru who is now a professional and famous dancer. Madoka is also there, distraught over both Kyosuke, the 22 year old, going missing in Bosnia and Kyosuke, the 19 year old, getting hit by a car.
 After losing a family to bandits during a night raid, Kanu swears she will not let others share the pain she experienced that night. She quickly becomes a well-known and feared by villains bandit hunter.During her journey she comes across others, who wish to join her in her cause. One of them is a girl named Rin Rin, who had similar experience with bandits in the past.
 The TV anime series Shin Koihime Musou
 A young mystic without a past, Kujaku was born under a dark omen possessed of incredible supernatural powers. Raised by priests, he has learned to use these powers for good. But the evil Siegfried von Mittgard seeks to steal his birthright, and rule the world as the Regent of Darkness. He has dispatched bloodthirsty minions to destroy Kujaku before he can awaken to his destiny. Now, Kujaku must unravel the riddle of his past, before the power within consumes him!
 A young mystic without a past, Kujaku was born under a dark omen possessed of incredible supernatural powers. Raised by priests, he has learned to use these powers for good. But the evil Siegfried von Mittgard seeks to steal his birthright, and rule the world as the Regent of Darkness. He has dispatched bloodthirsty minions to destroy Kujaku before he can awaken to his destiny. Now, Kujaku must unravel the riddle of his past, before the power within consumes him!
 Shin Maple Town Monogatari
 The story take place in new town called "Palm Town" which it is the new town that Patty and her Aunt Jane moved to since Jane's husband George run a medical center there. However, Patty faces some troubles because she doesn't get used to the new town and misses her hometown and also her friends. Nevertheless, she mets up with Alice and gets along with her. Soon they become best friends and are hanging out together everyday experience new things and enjoying their time. They meet a lot of different people in order to make many friends and unforgettable memories full of fun.
 Set a few months after the original series, Wataru is called into action once again!
 Plot Summary
 A satanic program is activated aboard a crowded commercial flight headed for Tokyo. It releases a swarm of invisible demons that send the aircraft plunging to a fiery doom. Everyone aboard is killed instantly - except Akito Kobayashi - owner of the devilish program and sworn ally of hell itself.Kojiro Soma, an old elementary school friend of Akito`s, is surprised to see him enroll back in school. Kojiro notices how this once lonely boy has grown into a suave and arrogant teenager. Later, when his classmates are attacked and legendary demons return to stalk to streets of Tokyo, Kojiro begins to truly understand what his old friend has become.Akito has plans for the human race. The plans revolve around magnetite, the mysterious element that forms the living essence of every human soul. Combined with his demonic software, a strong enough source of magnetite would release a plague of devils upon the Earth. That source exists in Kojiro`s class, but when the evil plan expands beyond even Akito`s grasp, it is Kojiro who must find the ultimate power within himself, and go head-to-head with the greatest demon of all!
 A heroic and mighty adventurer dreams of...opening a pharmacy?Red was once a member of the Hero's party, a powerful group destined to save the world from the evil forces of Taraxon, the Raging Demon Lord. That is, until one of his comrades kicked him out. Hoping to live the easy life on the frontier, Red's new goal is to open an apothecary. However, keeping the secret of his former life may not be as simple as he thinks. Especially when the beautiful Rit, an adventurer from his past, shows up and asks to move in with him!
 A heroic and mighty adventurer dreams of...opening a pharmacy?Red was once a member of the Hero's party, a powerful group destined to save the world from the evil forces of Taraxon, the Raging Demon Lord. That is, until one of his comrades kicked him out. Hoping to live the easy life on the frontier, Red's new goal is to open an apothecary. However, keeping the secret of his former life may not be as simple as he thinks. Especially when the beautiful Rit, an adventurer from his past, shows up and asks to move in with him!
 In 1930, two years after the events of So Long, My Love, the Great Demon War results in the annihilation of the Imperial, Paris and New York Combat Revues' Flower Divisions. With Earth at peace and the revues' actions becoming public, the World Combat Revue Organization is formed with several international divisions; a biennial international Combat Revue tournament has been organized.Ten years later in 1940, Imperial Japanese Navy captain Seijuurou Kamiyama is assigned as the captain of the new Imperial Combat Revue's Flower Division in Tokyo, which consists of
 In 1930, two years after the events of So Long, My Love, the Great Demon War results in the annihilation of the Imperial, Paris and New York Combat Revues' Flower Divisions. With Earth at peace and the revues' actions becoming public, the World Combat Revue Organization is formed with several international divisions; a biennial international Combat Revue tournament has been organized.Ten years later in 1940, Imperial Japanese Navy captain Seijuurou Kamiyama is assigned as the captain of the new Imperial Combat Revue's Flower Division in Tokyo, which consists of
 Mars is discovered on a forming volcano island, Heisei; a man with no memory. In reality, Mars is from outer space, and is supposed to gather information to decide whether Earth should be destroyed or not. Along with the giant robot Gaia, and his mysterious images of a woman urging him not to destroy the world, Mars decides to fight for Earth rather than destroy it, even if it means fighting his own kind. But if Mars is killed, Gaia will explode, destroying Earth along with it.
 Second season of Shinka no Mi
 Second season of Shinka no Mi
 Living under the same roof with the girl he has a crush on should be a dream for Shinichirou Nakagami, but the reality is closer to a nightmare. At school, Hiromi is bright, academically successful, athletic, and popular. But at home, Hiromi is a completely different person; she's cold, distant, and encased in the protective shell she's erected around herself after a painful childhood.At school, a strange girl named Isurugi Noe suddenly takes an interest in Shinichirou. Noe loves the school's chickens, especially Raigomaru, who she's convinced can fly. Thus begins a strange relationship where Shinichirou helps Noe resolve her problems, even as he tries to figure out his own feelings about Noe, Hiromi, and his childhood friend, Andou Aiko. All the while Shinichirou is also trying to find the key to unlock Hiromi's heart, and to finish the children's picture book he's been writing. Surprisingly, it's Noe who proves critical to both...
 2nd season of Strange+
 This was the first episode of Mushi Pro Land, a unique series of 60-minute animated programs. It was also Japan's first 60-minute animated TV program. However, the series never materialized and only this episode was actually aired. The story follows Stevenson's "Treasure Island," featuring characters in the form of animals. For example, the pirate Silver is illustrated as a wolf, where the main character Jim is changed into a rabbit. This has, therefore, nothing to do with the "New Treasure Island," Tezuka's masterpiece Manga.
 The year is 1999. Amamori Hajime is just a normal, everyday elementary school student, trying to study and hanging out with his crazy pals. But then one day as his father is testing a piece of equipment he has been working on, something causes it to blow up, taking the house with it! Now orphaned, Hajime is taken in by his uncle, who is an astronomer. There at his uncle's observatory, he meets a girl he's seen before and developed somewhat of a crush on. He finds out her name is Yukino Yayoi, and her parents run a ramen shop in town. But even better than that, she's his uncle's assistant! What luck!But Yayoi isn't exactly what she seems. There is a reason she helps out Amamori-san at the observatory. She is the Millennial Queen (Sen-Nen Joou), specially chosen by her home planet, LaMetal, to go to Earth and help prepare for the possible annihilation of the planet. What will cause this disaster? LaMetal has an extremely elliptical orbit, which sends it very, very near Earth every 1000 years. When it gets close enough, the earth reacts, causing all sorts of natural disasters. Although she was chosen with the idea of protecting LaMetal in mind, her personal plan is to evacuate as many humans as she can to LaMetal, so if their planet is destroyed, they will survive.However, there is one person who strives to stop her plan, the head of the Millennial Theives. Why does he want to stop Yayoi? And how does he know about the Millennial Queen, anyway?
 Ryouma Echizen is one of 50 nationally ranked middle school tennis players to receive an invitation for the Japan U-17 tennis training camp. Previously open only to high school players, the exclusive regiment trains the best players in the country for the upcoming U-17 World Cup. The high schoolers are not pleased that these middle schoolers are allowed into the camp, but the middle schoolers easily overwhelm them before they are halted by the coaches.The rules of the camp are soon explained
 Shouhei Zenya (The Night Before The Invitation)Prior to the U-17 training camp invitations, the middle schoolers spend their last few days of leisure relaxing and goofing off with each other.Kami no Ko vs Koutei (Child of God vs. Emperor)The tiebreaker-style elimination match between Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School's Seiichi Yukimura and Genichirou Sanada pits two of the "Three Demons'' against each other. As the two fight to stay in the camp, the history between the "Child of God" and the "Emperor'' is revealed.Densetsu wo Tsugusha-tachi (The One That Stands On Top)In the next set of tiebreaker-style elimination matches, Shitenhouji Middle School's Kenya Oshitari and Kuranosuke Shiraishi must face off. As both players have been harboring heavy feelings since the Nationals one year prior, they decide to settle it in this high-stakes match.Shousha no Imi (What it Means to be a Winner)Following the elimination matches, the winners are treated to a luxurious experience after a brutal training session. Some of the middle schoolers contend with each other over the point of the camp now that the losers are gone. They decide to settle their disagreements in the most appropriate way possible
 The new anime will tell an original story, featuring a match between the Hyoutei Academy Secondary Department led by Keigo Atobe and Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School led by Seiichi Yukimura. The story was previously not depicted in the manga.
 The new anime will tell an original story, featuring a match between the Hyoutei Academy Secondary Department led by Keigo Atobe and Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School led by Seiichi Yukimura. The story was previously not depicted in the manga.
 Sequel to Shin Tennis no Ouji-sama OVA vs. Genius 10.
 Sequel to Shin Tennis no Ouji-sama OVA vs. Genius 10.
 Goddess Listarte, the savior of the super hard-mode world Gairbrunde, summons a hero to her aid. The hero, Seiya Ryuuguuin, holds the cheat-rank status, but he is ridiculously cautious. For instance, he would buy three sets of armor
 Goddess Listarte, the savior of the super hard-mode world Gairbrunde, summons a hero to her aid. The hero, Seiya Ryuuguuin, holds the cheat-rank status, but he is ridiculously cautious. For instance, he would buy three sets of armor
 The idol unit "TINGS" has big dreams, but only small achievements, and is not very popular. The best manager in the world was supposed to be their savior, but... "I'm not interested in being your manager." The man who shows up is Naose Hinaki, a man with no motivation. However, he has a special power...? This is a story of you and the girls shining brightly to become "absolute idols." The best idol entertainment begins here!
 Based on the online card game by Cygames.
 The short movie, labelled "Short story #1," focuses on Favaro and Kaiser between the events of the first and second series. It features Megumi Hayashibara as Favaro's mother. An episode 2 is planned.
 Second season of Shingeki no Bahamut
 Several hundred years ago, humans were nearly exterminated by giants. Giants are typically several stories tall, seem to have no intelligence, devour human beings and, worst of all, seem to do it for the pleasure rather than as a food source. A small percentage of humanity survived by walling themselves in a city protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of giants.Flash forward to the present and the city has not seen a giant in over 100 years. Teenage boy Eren and his foster sister Mikasa witness something horrific as the city walls are destroyed by a super giant that appears out of thin air. As the smaller giants flood the city, the two kids watch in horror as their mother is eaten alive. Eren vows that he will murder every single giant and take revenge for all of mankind.
 Several hundred years ago, humans were nearly exterminated by giants. Giants are typically several stories tall, seem to have no intelligence, devour human beings and, worst of all, seem to do it for the pleasure rather than as a food source. A small percentage of humanity survived by walling themselves in a city protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of giants.Flash forward to the present and the city has not seen a giant in over 100 years. Teenage boy Eren and his foster sister Mikasa witness something horrific as the city walls are destroyed by a super giant that appears out of thin air. As the smaller giants flood the city, the two kids watch in horror as their mother is eaten alive. Eren vows that he will murder every single giant and take revenge for all of mankind.
 Recap of episodes 1-13.
 Recap of episodes 14-25.
 Bundled with the 12th limited-edition manga volume. The anime will be about an old journal found by Levi and Erwin when they conduct the surveillance operation outside the wall. The contents of "Ilse's Journal" result in some unexpected actions from Hange.Lost Girls OVA episode 6 - 8.
 Ilse no Techou
 Second season of Shingeki no Kyojin.
 Second season of Shingeki no Kyojin.
 Third season of the Shingeki no Kyojin anime series.
 Third season of the Shingeki no Kyojin anime series.
 The second part of the third season of Shingeki no Kyojin.
 The second part of the third season of Shingeki no Kyojin.
 Shingeki no Kyojin
 The compilation film will recap the anime's 59 episodes from seasons one to three.
 The compilation film will recap the anime's 59 episodes from seasons one to three.
 Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps.As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price.Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin
 Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps.As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price.Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin
 With Eren and company now at the shoreline and the threat of Marley looming, what’s next for the Scouts and their quest to unravel the mysteries of the Titans, humanity, and more?
 The last part of the final season of Attack On Titan, concluding the ending arc story of Eren and the others.
 Gabi Braun and Falco Grice have been training their entire lives to inherit one of the seven titans under Marley's control and aid their nation in eradicating the Eldians on Paradis. However, just as all seems well for the two cadets, their peace is suddenly shaken by the arrival of Eren Yeager and the remaining members of the Survey Corps.Having finally reached the Yeager family basement and learned about the dark history surrounding the titans, the Survey Corps have at long last found the answer they so desperately fought to uncover. With the truth now in their hands, the group set out for the world beyond the walls.In Shingeki no Kyojin
 Second part of Shingeki no Kyojin
 The school comedy story is set in a junior high school and centers on the original manga's characters such as Eren and Mikasa as they battle with Titans. The spin-off incorporates gags while using Shingeki no Kyojin's story and notable scenes as its basis.
 The school comedy story is set in a junior high school and centers on the original manga's characters such as Eren and Mikasa as they battle with Titans. The spin-off incorporates gags while using Shingeki no Kyojin's story and notable scenes as its basis.
 Plot Summary
 The world is about to be turned upside down for Hajime Murata. First, a strange alien ship appears over Tokyo, and then a mysterious new transfer student arrives at his school wearing an ancient school uniform. His name is Muryou, and with his arrival, everything begins to change. Students suddenly begin to display amazing psychic powers, a giant white guardian keeps appearing in the skies over the city to fight off gigantic alien creatures, and men with threatening weapons are haunting the shadows of the school grounds.With all these strange events taking place around him, Hajime is determined to figure out the truth about a world he thought he already knew. This is his story
 Cursed by a witch as a child, a young duke gained the unwanted power to kill every living thing he touches. Forced to move away from his family and into a large mansion deep in the woods, the duke is treated as if he does not exist and is continually shunned by his peers.However, he is not entirely alone. Rob and Alice, his butler and maid, are always by his side. Alice loves to tease him, and as their relationship grows, the duke makes it his goal to break free from his deadly curse. Of course, he is going to need some help, and who better to do this than the various inhabitants of the supernatural?
 Second season of Shinigami Bocchan to Kuro Maid.
 A girl wrapped in white, her name is Momo...in her hand lies a blunt yet shiny scythe. By her side is a wingged black cat by the name of Daniel. Carrying the souls of humans, the girl's existence parallels to that of a "Death God" or "Shinigami". At the instant when this white Death God touches the hearts of humans, the world is filled with kindness and grief...
 A girl wrapped in white, her name is Momo...in her hand lies a blunt yet shiny scythe. By her side is a winged black cat by the name of Daniel. Carrying the souls of humans, the girl's existence parallels to that of a "Death God" or "Shinigami". At the instant when this white Death God touches the hearts of humans, the world is filled with kindness and grief...
 Rick lives on the island of Windaria, inhabited by various races such as elves and beast-people. Amnesiac, he is rescued by three young ladies and taken to work in their bakery.But when a red moon rises and a deathly wind blows, they’ll all be engulfed in strange events.
 One day, a mysterious girl named Kaguya was washed ashore the island of Wyndaria after a great storm. She encounters Rick, a swordsman who wound up working at the island's bakery. Apparently, Kaguya is suffering from having lost her memories and emotions. In addition, the usually peaceful Wyndaria is now swarming with pirates who came seeking for the special spirit stone that is worn around Kaguya's neck. Knowing the situation, Rick and his co-workers, Nellis, Amyl, and Aerie decided to bring back peace to island and help Kaguya regain her lost memories and emotions.
 Rick lives on the island of Windaria, inhabited by various races such as elves and beast-people. Amnesiac, he is rescued by three young ladies and taken to work in their bakery.But when a red moon rises and a deathly wind blows, they’ll all be engulfed in strange events.
 Plot Summary

 hinkansen Henkei Robo Shinkalion Movie.
 Five years ago, while battling an alien force known as the "Mimesis," Dannar pilot Goh Saruwatari first met Anna Aoi. Today, on the day of their wedding, the ceremony is interrupted when the Mimesis strike again. As Goh struggles in his battle against the alien threat, Anna stumbles upon a top secret robot known as the "Neo-Okusaer" and uses it as a last-resort to save her fiancee. At that moment, Dannar and Neo-Okusaer merge to become the mighty robot "Godannar."
 The history is placed right after the -cliffhanger- end of Godannar when Anna looks surprised to see Mira driving the Neo Okusaer.
 Five years ago, while battling an alien force known as the "Mimesis," Dannar pilot Goh Saruwatari first met Anna Aoi. Today, on the day of their wedding, the ceremony is interrupted when the Mimesis strike again. As Goh struggles in his battle against the alien threat, Anna stumbles upon a top secret robot known as the "Neo-Okusaer" and uses it as a last-resort to save her fiancee. At that moment, Dannar and Neo-Okusaer merge to become the mighty robot "Godannar."
 The history is placed right after the -cliffhanger- end of Godannar when Anna looks surprised to see Mira driving the Neo Okusaer.
 Phoron Tatara's no ordinary musician. As one of the rare Dantists who can summon elder spirits using music called Commandia, his gift is so strong that his spirit partner is none other than the infamous Corticarte Apa Lagranges. Sure, she may look like a young girl in her human form, but you don't get nicknames like "The Crimson Annihilator" and "The Bloody Duchess" for sitting back and watching the daisies grow. Now, at the behest of the Tsuge Divine Music Player Office, this dynamic duet travels the continent of Polyphonica on Phoron's combination motorcycle/organ, following the song of the open road, orchestrating rescues and generally fixing whatever's baroque! Some musicians wait for a muse to hit them, but Phoron makes his work for scale
 Plot Summary
 "Hey, you said you wanted a little sister, right?" First year highschool student, Toujo Basara, was suddenly asked by his father and fell into a state of panic. On top of that, the eccentric father told him he will be getting remarried.He then departed overseas after bringing Basara two beautiful step-sisters. But Mio and Maria's true forms are actually the newbie Demon Lord and a succubus!? Basara was almost entered into a master and servant contract with Mio, but a "reversed" contract was formed by mistake, and Basara is now the master!? Moreover, Basara is being hit by one ecchi situation after another due to the contract, but Mio's life is being pursued by other demon tribes and hero tribes! The most powerful contractor's desire action drama begins!
 Running into your new stepsister in the bathroom is not the best way to make a good first impression, which Basara Toujou learns the hard way. When his father suddenly brings home two beautiful girls and introduces them as his new siblings, he has no choice but to accept into his family the Naruse sisters
 Second season of Shinmai Maou no Testament series.
 Basara Toujou has a hard life. He is the older step-brother to two demonic sisters, Mio and Maria Naruse, whom he protects from entitled demons looking to claim Mio's power for themselves. On top of that, rising political tension within the demon realm only makes his job more difficult.When a messenger arrives with summons for Mio to the demon realm, she and her friends go in spite of the danger. Now on the enemy's turf, Basara will have to grow stronger through erotic pleasure in order to do the impossible and protect everyone.
 An OVA that will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Shinmai Maou no Testament manga, to be released January 2016.
 An OVA that will be bundled with the seventh volume of the Shinmai Maou no Testament manga, to be released January 2016.

 An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament, bundled with the eighth light novel volume.
 An unaired episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament, bundled with the eighth light novel volume.
 It is common knowledge that it is best to become an adventurer when you are as young as possible because the magical power that is the basis of an adventurer's strength will hardly grow if you don't train it while you are young. But this man, Rick Gladiator, who became an adventurer when he was over thirty years old, had the combat power of an S-rank adventurer, the highest rank in the world. In fact, Rick has lived an unimaginable life with the members of the legendary Orihalcon Fist, a party of the continent's strongest adventurers. From dragons to vampires, Rick's fighting prowess, trained by his literally "monster" mentors, allows him to defeat elite adventurers one after another who try to underestimate him.
 Shoot for the stars! I'm going to be the country's number one alchemist!When young girl Sarasa graduated from the Royal Alchemist Academy, her teacher gifted her a house for her to set up shop. Aiming to become a masterclass alchemist, she gathers materials herself, experiments and operates a business. In her very own atelier, Sarasa indulges in a slow and relaxed alchemist life!
 After surviving an attack from the rival Kouga clan, Ittoki Sakuraba, an ordinary boy, discovers that he is the 19th heir of the Iga ninja. Ittoki learns to become an Iga clan ninja and joins the war between the Iga and Kouga clans.
 After surviving an attack from the rival Kouga clan, Ittoki Sakuraba, an ordinary boy, discovers that he is the 19th heir of the Iga ninja. Ittoki learns to become an Iga clan ninja and joins the war between the Iga and Kouga clans.
 The film takes place in 201X, when the newly-formed Empire of Godom is threatening to take over the world by using mysterious technology offered to them by Chan Reika, the mysterious female president of a trading company. The protagonist of the film Shishimaru Shou is the one man who has the mystical technology that can stop the Empire of Godom, but after being hunted down by the Empire, he is saved by mysterious Indians, who tell him about a prophecy about the second coming of a savior.
 Foolish land-born air breathers! Behold the terror from the depths, the tentacled conqueror of humanity
 After regaining her squid-like abilities, Ika Musume plans to resume her self-appointed mission to destroy all of humanity. However, her carefree job as a waitress in the Lemon beach house meant she cannot help but laze around during her spare time! On top of that, she is saddled with many problems, such as being pursued by a group of alien-obsessed individuals and catching the interest of a crazy girl.Picking up after the conclusion of the first season, Shinryaku!? Ika Musume follows the hilarious life of Ika Musume as she plots her next invasion of the surface world.
 Squid Girl has come to the land from the depths of the sea to conquer humanity for its pollution of the ocean. Unfortunately she ruins the first house she uses as an invasion base and has to work to pay for repairs.Of course, she can’t overcome the Aizawa sisters who manage the house, so who knows whether she can subjugate humankind.
 Squid Girl has come to the land from the depths of the sea to conquer humanity for its pollution of the ocean. Unfortunately she ruins the first house she uses as an invasion base and has to work to pay for repairs.Of course, she can’t overcome the Aizawa sisters who manage the house, so who knows whether she can subjugate humankind.
 "Mini Ika-Musume" side-story episodes.
 The sea in our world has been polluted. All sorts of trash were thrown into the sea, making it unpleasant deep under the sea. One of the inhabitants of the sea, Ika Musume (Squid Girl) seeks to exact revenge on humanity for throwing trash into the sea. Clueless about the surface, she seeks to invade humanity alone, trying to rule over the world, only to find herself slaving away at one of the nearest beach-houses for breaking a side of its wall.
 Plot Summary

 Plot Summary
 In the world of Mushrambo, human life has all but come to an end. After a deadly virus threatened the extinction of mankind, a new race called the Enterrans was created to preserve life on Earth. However, relations between the Enterrans and their creators did not remain peaceful. Soon a war broke out with the Enterrans fighting against the humans and their robots. Ultimately the Enterrans were the victors of this conflict, renaming Earth as Enterra in honor of their victory.Before the last vestiges of humanity fell, one of the few remaining scientists put his daughter, Yakumo Shindou, into a sleep chamber. His hope was that his daughter would one day reawaken and find the human sanctuary known as Shinzo, reviving humanity and restoring peace between humans and Enterrans. Centuries have passed since the war; Yakumo now awakens and meets an Enterran named Mashura who pledges to assist in her quest. Also joined by the Enterrans Sago and Kutal, the group must now work to locate Yakumo's missing memories and locate Shinzo. But not every Enterran is as kind as Yakumo's new friends and some are prepared to commit any atrocity to prevent the return of humanity.
 The brilliant Dr. Azuma created many robots to aid humankind. However, during a thunderstorm his lab was struck by lightning, corrupting the programming of one of his robots, BK-1, who renames himself Braiking Boss and declares that instead of serving mankind, mankind will now serve him! He brings other robots together into an overwhelming army bent on enslaving the human race.Tetsuya, Dr. Azuma's son, asks his father to turn him into an indestructible android so that he will have the power to destroy the threat his father inadvertently created. Shortly thereafter, Braiking Boss captures Dr. Azuma and his wife. Tetsuya, now renamed Casshern, sets out to turn the tide of the war and rescue his parents, with the help of his girlfriend, Luna, and robot dog, Friender.
 Plot Summary
 The Iron League
 Shippuu! Iron Leaguer OVA.
 Based on the manga by Tsuchiya Garon (aka Marley Carib), art by Kawaguchi Kaiji, serialised in Action in the 80s.
 Five girls chase their dreams. The story revolves around the everyday troubles and hardships that occur when working in the anime industry, and the results and conflicts that happen day-to-day among the group of girls.
 The film's story is set four years after the events of the original Shirobako anime. Aoi Miyamori keeps busy dealing with the ordinary troubles in her daily work at Musashino Animation. After a morning meeting, Watanabe talks to Aoi and puts her in charge of a new theatrical anime project for the studio. The project has unexpected problems, and Aoi is unsure if the company can proceed with a theatrical anime with its current state of affairs. While dealing with that anxiety, Aoi meets a new colleague named Kaede Miyai (voiced by Ayane Sakura). She and the MusAni team work together to complete the project.
 Specials included with third and seventh volumes of the Blu-ray and DVD releases.
 The Kingdom of Arandas Alliance and the Countries Unification of Ingelmia have been at war for many years. The situation has been at a stalemate across the fortress of the Great Wall, which has never been penetrated since the foundation of Arandas. The gate to the fortress has remained firmly closed, but when it creaks open, the complexity of war starts to change dramatically.
 Kukuru Misakino, an 18-year-old high school girl working in an aquarium, meets Fuuka Miyazawa, a former idol who lost her place in Tokyo and escaped. Fuuka will spend her days in the aquarium with her own thoughts in mind. However, the crisis of closing is approaching for the aquarium, as the girls explore their dreams and reality, loneliness and friends, bonds and conflicts.
 In a world consisting of numerous isles, a young hero from the Astora Isle encounters the adventurer Kyle and follows him on an expedition on the isle. They meet a mysterious girl named Iris and a talking white cat, and together they make their way to the isle's ruins, where they find a flying island. Kyle becomes consumed by darkness there, and the party resolves to travel to the ends of the world on the flying island in order to find the seven "Great Runes," following Kyle's words before he disappeared.
 The world is divided into two kingdoms
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The story of Shisha no Teikoku takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent. However, Watson lives in a world where "Frankensteins", human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers, are used to improve industrial development.
 The story of Shisha no Teikoku takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent. However, Watson lives in a world where "Frankensteins", human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers, are used to improve industrial development.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 A gift from the gods of the mountains. Deep in the northern mountains, there are people who have been living with the blessings of the mountains. A boy, who is coming of age, journeys into the mountains for his first hunt. He must find the "Kuroshishi." The mountain is a world where life and death are divided by a paper-thin line. Sometimes, nature will show its fangs...
 Old school is back! And girl power reigns supreme! Ayame, Sumire, Renge, and Satsuki are charged with the protection of the Earth from a powerful new enemy. But these girls may be in for more than they`ve bargained for!They`ll have to not only master the experimental mobile armor
 Old school is back! And girl power reigns supreme! Ayame, Sumire, Renge, and Satsuki are charged with the protection of the Earth from a powerful new enemy. But these girls may be in for more than they`ve bargained for!They`ll have to not only master the experimental mobile armor

 The series centers on a family where both parents are mad scientists, and where both brother and sister are modded humans called "creatures." The family members aim to become a "normal" family.
 The action story is set during the turbulent years of the shogunate, as dark forces try to undermine the shogun's power in Edo-era Tokyo. Shirou Sumiya is the leader of the Way of the Paper Drawing clan which captures the chaos of the struggles with rapid brush strokes. Sumiya is summoned to Edo, and his disciples, who have extraordinary powers in their secret drawing techniques, become part of the ensuring battles with giant drawn creatures.
 The Lost Ones are wanderers who come here from a distant world known as "Japan." No one knows how or why they leave their homes. The only thing that is certain is that they bring disaster and calamity. The duty of exterminating them without remorse falls to Menou, a young Executioner. When she meets Akari, it seems like just another job...until she discovers it's impossible to kill this girl! And when Menou begins to search for a way to defeat this immortality, Akari is more than happy to tag along! So begins a journey that will change Menou forever...
 The Lost Ones are wanderers who come here from a distant world known as "Japan." No one knows how or why they leave their homes. The only thing that is certain is that they bring disaster and calamity. The duty of exterminating them without remorse falls to Menou, a young Executioner. When she meets Akari, it seems like just another job...until she discovers it's impossible to kill this girl! And when Menou begins to search for a way to defeat this immortality, Akari is more than happy to tag along! So begins a journey that will change Menou forever...
 Yukihira Souma's dream is to become a full-time chef in his father's restaurant and surpass his father's culinary skill. But just as Yukihira graduates from middle schools his father, Yukihira Jouichirou, closes down the restaurant to cook in Europe. Although downtrodden, Souma's fighting spirit is rekindled by a challenge from Jouichirou which is to survive in an elite culinary school where only 10% of the students graduate. Can Souma survive?
 Ever since he was a child, fifteen-year-old Souma Yukihira has helped his father by working as the sous chef in the restaurant his father runs and owns. Throughout the years, Souma developed a passion for entertaining his customers with his creative, skilled, and daring culinary creations. His dream is to someday own his family's restaurant as its head chef.Yet when his father suddenly decides to close the restaurant to test his cooking abilities in restaurants around the world, he sends Souma to Tootsuki Culinary Academy, an elite cooking school where only 10 percent of the students graduate. The institution is famous for its "Shokugeki" or "food wars," where students face off in intense, high-stakes cooking showdowns.As Souma and his new schoolmates struggle to survive the extreme lifestyle of Tootsuki, more and greater challenges await him, putting his years of learning under his father to the test.
 New episodes bundled with the 18th and 19th volumes of the Shokugeki no Souma manga.
 Fifth season of Shokugeki no Souma.
 The second season of Shokugeki no Souma.
 The qualifiers of the Autumn Elections are now over, and only eight talented chefs remain. Now, they face off in one-on-one food wars, each with their own unique themes. Met with both new judges and new opponents all with their own specialties, Souma must stay on his toes if he hopes to make it to the top of both the Autumn Elections and Tootsuki Culinary Academy.
 OVAs bundled with the 24th and 25th manga volumes of the Shokugeki no Souma manga.
 The third season of Shokugeki no Souma.
 The second course of Shokugeki no Souma season 3.
 Bundled with the 29th volume of the Shokugeki no Souma manga. It tells the story of what happened to Erina after she ran away from her father.
 The Moon Festival is Tootsuki Academy's annual gourmet gala, where students compete against each other to earn the most profit through selling their cuisine of choice. But for Souma Yukihira, it is also his first opportunity to challenge the Elite Ten, the supreme council that rules over the academy.However, this is only the beginning of Souma's war against the Elite Ten; a nefarious plot is underway that will provide Souma with the challenge he desires but will also shake the very foundations of Tootsuki Academy itself.
 Fourth season of Shokugeki no Souma.
 The story is about the daily life of a piece of bread named Mimi, and some of her friends and family. Based on Shimamori Natsuko's Shokupan Mimi (White Bread Mimi) 4-panel manga.
 Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuji Danma are members of infamous biker duo, the Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan, and his partner Ryuji in their quest to lose their virginity and reach maturity.They are widely feared bosozoku, and are known for their tenacity and viciousness in a fight. However, this lifestyle does not exactly endear them to the opposite gender, so they decide to change their ways. However, this is easier said than done.
 Atsushi Kamiya is a former captain at Kakegawa High School and the world-renowned "courageous captain" for a famous Italian soccer team. Hideto Tsuji, a student at Kakegawa High School seems uninterested in the now-weakened soccer team. Their meeting is the start of a new legend.
 Atsushi Kamiya is a former captain at Kakegawa High School and the world-renowned "courageous captain" for a famous Italian soccer team. Hideto Tsuji is a student at the same school, who seems uninterested in the now-weakened soccer team. Their meeting is the start of a new legend...
 Description
 This is a story about a group of cute little animals that live in human cell phones and work hard to keep cell phones functioning properly so that people can maintain communication with others, keep in contact with the world, and gain a sense of happiness. The raccoon town in the cell phone is like a miniature human society, where there are various institutions and systems such as police stations, hospitals, entertainment venues, restaurants, air transport, public transport, etc., and of course, there is culture and festivals as well.
 This is a story about a group of cute little animals that live in human cell phones and work hard to keep cell phones functioning properly so that people can maintain communication with others, keep in contact with the world, and gain a sense of happiness. The raccoon town in the cell phone is like a miniature human society, where there are various institutions and systems such as police stations, hospitals, entertainment venues, restaurants, air transport, public transport, etc., and of course, there is culture and festivals as well.
 Starlight is a song and dance revue troupe loved throughout the world. Karen and Hikari make a promise with each other when they were young
 After meeting a traveling prince who consoled her after the deaths of her parents, Utena Tenjou vowed to become a prince herself. The prince left Utena only with a ring bearing a strange rose crest and a promise that she would meet him again some day.A few years later, Utena attends Ootori Academy, where she is drawn into a dangerous game. Duelists with rings matching Utena's own compete for a unique prize
 In a loose retelling of the Revolutionary Girl Utena TV series, Utena Tenjou arrives at Ohtori Academy, only to be immediately swept up in a series of duels for the hand of her classmate Anthy Himemiya and the power she supposedly holds. At the same time, Utena reunites with Touga Kiryuu, a friend from her childhood who seems to know the secrets behind the duels. Utena must discover those secrets for herself, before the power that rules Ohtori claims her and her friends, new and old.
 Super deformed parody shorts of Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou streamed on Kadokawa's official YouTube channel. They follow Chito and Yuuri in a classroom setting exploring what "school" might have been for people when civilization was still around.
 Civilization is dead, but Chito and Yuuri are still alive. So they hop aboard their beloved Kettenkrad motorbike and aimlessly wander the ruins of the world they once knew. Day after hopeless day, they look for their next meal and fuel for their ride. But as long as the two are together, even an existence as bleak as theirs has a ray or two of sunshine in it, whether they're sucking down their fill of soup or hunting for machine parts to tinker with. For two girls in a world full of nothing, the experiences and feelings the two share give them something to live for...
 Amid the desolate remains of a once-thriving city, only the rumbling of a motorbike breaks the cold winter silence. Its riders, Chito and Yuuri, are the last survivors in the war-torn city. Scavenging old military sites for food and parts, the two girls explore the wastelands and speculate about the old world to pass the time. Chito and Yuuri each occasionally struggle with the looming solitude, but when they have each other, sharing the weight of being two of the last humans becomes a bit more bearable. Between Yuuri's clumsy excitement and Chito's calm composure, their dark days get a little brighter with shooting practice, new books, and snowball fights on the frozen battlefield.Among a scenery of barren landscapes and deserted buildings, Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou tells the uplifting tale of two girls and their quest to find hope in a bleak and dying world.
 Buntarou doesn't know what he wants to do in the future. He does not have any kind of dream that he wants to pursue, so currently he just spends his days hanging around with his friends. One day, his classmate Sayuki asks him if he wants to help with development of a gal game. She says that she had become interested in his help after she read one his works intended for the drama club.Buntarou doesn't know anything about gal games, but Sayuki claims that she has the ability to make it a success. Can they make the game, and will it be a success like she claims it will be? This is the story of youths taking a daring step into the unknown...
 Buntarou doesn't know what he wants to do in the future. He does not have any kind of dream that he wants to pursue, so currently he just spends his days hanging around with his friends. One day, his classmate Sayuki asks him if he wants to help with development of a gal game. She says that she had become interested in his help after she read one his works intended for the drama club.Buntarou doesn't know anything about gal games, but Sayuki claims that she has the ability to make it a success. Can they make the game and will it be a success like she claims it will be? This is the story of youths taking a daring step into the unknown...

 Starlight is a song and dance revue troupe loved throughout the world. Karen and Hikari make a promise with each other when they're young that one day they'll stand on that stage together. Time passes, and now the girls are 16 years old. Karen is very enthusiastic about the lessons she takes every day, holding her promise close to her heart. Hikari has transferred schools and is now away from Karen. But the cogs of fate turn, and the two are destined to meet again. The girls and other Stage Girls will compete in a mysterious audition process to gain acceptance into the revue.
 "Starlight" - it's a distant star, long ago, and in the far future. Two girls, who were struck by the light of the stage in this play, exchanged their destinies."Two people's stars, waiting on stage."To burn out ordinary fun and joy and fulfill our destinies. A destiny to become a blast furnace at just 5 years old... what a danger.Eventually the two will meet again. One continued to stand on the stage of tragedy, the other jumped in, separated, jumped in, rewrote their destinies... and created a new chapter full of light.No girl was burned and fell from the tower, nor was she imprisoned. Then... what is the end of that new chapter?"Starlight" is a story of an unknown author. Where does the light come from and where does it go? And who is "starring" in this story?I want to see it.Hey -- Hanako Aishiro, a third-year student at Seisho Music Academy?
 Special episodes bundled with the Blu-ray volumes, they are called "99.419 Saisun", "99.419 Touron", and "99.419 Kaien."
 At the performing arts division of Seisho Music Academy, the ever-evolving stage threads the lives of its students together as they tirelessly hone their craft. Yet, as the girls prepare for a new rendition of the previous year's performance, the carefree Karen Aijou begins to settle for a smaller role. However, her waning passion is reignited by the return of her childhood friend Hikari Kagura, whose sudden transfer to the academy triggers a flurry of changes in the class dynamics.Subsequently, Karen chances upon a secret battleground underneath the school, which houses a set of auditions that will crown its ultimate victor as "Top Star." As she dives headfirst into these enigmatic trials, Karen begins to learn about the tribulations that come with vying for the top. Even if fate wills them apart, Karen and Hikari must fight in hopes of fulfilling their childhood promise
 After his father's sudden death, Ceddie moves to England as an heir to his grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt. The Earl is a stubborn and selfish old man. Gradually, however, Ceddie's innocent love opens the Earl's heart and changes him into a caring and generous person. This is based on "Little Lord Fauntleroy" by F.H.Burnett.
 One day, a city suddenly disappears. Takuya, a professional by-the-contract courier and lone wolf, meets Yuki, the only survivor from the city's extinction. The two rely on a message from Yuki's father, who was heard to be missing, and head toward the disappeared city, Lost. However, unexpected obstacles strike before the pair, with the reality especially shocking for Yuki. Before them are the feelings of those left behind, a mysterious group manipulating in the shadows, and unveiling the hidden conspiracy. Takuya and Yuki, who both were initially strangers, would deepen their bond during the journey and unravel the mystery of the Lost city.
 One day, a city suddenly disappears. Takuya, a professional by-the-contract courier and lone wolf, meets Yuki, the only survivor from the city's extinction. The two rely on a message from Yuki's father, who was heard to be missing, and head toward the disappeared city, Lost. However, unexpected obstacles strike before the pair, with the reality especially shocking for Yuki. Before them are the feelings of those left behind, a mysterious group manipulating in the shadows, and unveiling the hidden conspiracy. Takuya and Yuki, who both were initially strangers, would deepen their bond during the journey and unravel the mystery of the Lost city.
 In Japan, the country that inspired the slogan "Born to be Mild," the blood of young men still runs hot. In the old days they'd go off into the country and hack each other up with swords, but these days, what with school, that isn't very practical.So some of them do something very un-Japanese. They strap on a big bike, roar around annoying people, and pound anyone they consider dishonorable.Now meet Eguchi Yousuke, leader of a high-school Biker gang AND the school's handicrafts club. Which means he divides his time between fistfights and fancy needlework.And if you think he's weird, wait until you meet the rest of his gang...
 Shounen Ashibe follows the daily life of first-grader Ashibe Ashiya and his spotted seal pet Goma-chan.
 Second season of Shounen Ashibe
 Third season of Shounen Ashibe
 Fourth season of Shounen Ashibe
 At a theater called Hollywood Tokyo in Harajuku, the members of the idol group Shounen Hollywood develop their talents with diligent work and studying.
 Second Season of Shounen Hollywood
 It is the year 1941. 11-year-old Murakami Wataru lives with his family, Japanese textile traders operating in British Kenya, when war breaks out between Japan and the Allies. Fleeing into the bush, young Wataru falls headlong into a series of fantastic adventures.
 Chihiro is left homeless with supposedly no relatives after his mom died. As he worries about what to do next, his uncle shows up and plans to take care of him...Or is it the other way around?
 Chihiro is left homeless with supposedly no relatives after his mom died. As he worries about what to do next, his uncle shows up and plans to take care of him...Or is it the other way around?
 Kidnapped and rescued by a Ninja, Fujimaru has mastered martial arts over the years. Now he sets off on a journey to find his mother and also locate an old tome containing secret martial arts techniques.
 Masahiro is the grandson of the great onmyouji, Abe no Seimei. However, he lost his sixth sense that enables him to see supernatural beings, which is very important for an onmyouji. Thus, he is left with no choice but to try and pick a different career. But one day, a strange mononoke appears, which he names Mokkun, who shows him his true potential powers after fighting a demon. With the assistance of Mokkun, his quest to become the greatest onmyouji begins.
 Masahiro is the grandson of the great onmyouji, Abe no Seimei. However, he lost his sixth sense that enables him to see supernatural beings, which is very important for an onmyouji. Thus, he is left with no choice but to try and pick a different career. But one day, a strange mononoke appears, which he names Mokkun, who shows him his true potential powers after fighting a demon. With the assistance of Mokkun, his quest to become the greatest onmyouji begins.
 "Magic Boy" was the first ever Japanese animation to be released theatrically in North America.Sasuke, a boy vexed by an evil witch, studies magic and uses his powers to defeat her.
 Koujirou moves to Tokyo from Japan's northernmost island of Hokkaido and insists on bringing his favorite horse, Hikarikin, with him. The alien king Rel arrives from planet Wedelun and gives him a belt that will allow him to transform into a Miracle Hero and to protect the world from alien menaces. He is more interested, however, in impressing the pretty Yuka, though his rival, Michinari, wants her for himself.
 The second season of Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis

 Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world. However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe? Gonna be a music millionaire!
 Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world.However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe?Gonna be a music millionaire!
 Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world. However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe? Gonna be a music millionaire!
 Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world. However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe? Gonna be a music millionaire!
 New Show by Rock!! TV Series featuring the new band Mashumairesh!!.
 New Show by Rock!! TV Series featuring the new band Mashumairesh!!.
 The official website for Sanrio's Show By Rock!! TV anime series announced on Sunday that the show is getting a sequel, as well as a new short anime. The Twitter account for the franchise stated that it would announce the "broadcast information" for each of the works at a later date. The website features a key visual with the tagline
 The official website for Sanrio's Show By Rock!! TV anime series announced on Sunday that the show is getting a sequel, as well as a new short anime. The Twitter account for the franchise stated that it would announce the "broadcast information" for each of the works at a later date. The website features a key visual with the tagline
 "All stars" season of Show by Rock!! featuring all the bands from previous seasons.
 "All stars" season of Show by Rock!! featuring all the bands from previous seasons.
 Dramatic story of the Yamazaki family during the year Showa 39 (1964), the year that Tokyo hosted the Summer Olympics.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 In the year 2200, a new Cold War between two forces is set to end with a peace treaty. However, one side is hiding a dark secret, which results in numerous tragedies in the following months. In the wake of a crisis, a paramilitary team is founded to steal information at the center of the conflict.
 Twin detectives Xiaotu and Xiaohu set up a business that specializes in dealing with supernatural occurrences. However, when they investigate what seems to be an ordinary “Supernatural” case, a series of bizarre events unfold. To that end, Xiaotu and Xiaohu conquer hardships with every step they take, to clear the hazy path towards the truth.
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel.
 Amu meets a super-peppy transfer student at Seiyo Academy Elementary School named Hiiragi Rikka at school one day. Not only can she see Guardian Characters, but it seems she has some other, mysterious powers as well. When she sees the work that Amu and the other Guardians do at school, she's awestruck.Each 24-25 minute episode consists of a series of variety show style shorts (including Shugo Chara! Pucchi Puchi) totaling approx. 9-10 minutes, followed by the main 11-12 minute animation titled Shugo Chara!!! Dokki Doki which is the actual continuation of season 2 and comes with it's own opening animation. The remaining time is occupied by live action padding between each section and capped off with the opening/ending themes at the beginning and end of the episode.
 Now Utau has left Easter and restarted her singing career, while Ikuto still remains at Easter. To replace Utau Easter hires a new character, Lulu. Lulu has the power to create question mark eggs, instead of x-eggs. Throughout this season we start to see all the love interests more so then in the first season. Tadase and Amu seem to be a couple now, but they have their problem, especially when Amu starts hiding Ikuto in her room. She lies to Tadase, her family and all the Guardians about it, which in the end causes more problems then she expected. Easter also has a new plan to control Ikuto. Using his violin Easter controls Ikuto so that he transforms into Death Rebel. The sound of his violin turns all the heart eggs with in distance into x-eggs. With a large amount of x-eggs gathered, the embryo will soon turn up.
 The story takes place in a trading city Ert’Aria. Leicester Maycraft is an item engineer belonging to an adventurer guild “Oasis”. One night, he is at a party with his friends to see a meteor stream on the rooftop of a chapel. One meteor grazes them and hits the steeple of the chapel.There he finds a secret room and a sleeping girl. The girl wakes up and says “You must be my father!”. The encounter with the mysterious girl brings an unexpected adventure to Leicester.
 The story takes place in a trading city Ert’Aria. Leicester Maycraft is an item engineer belonging to an adventurer guild “Oasis”. One night, he is at a party with his friends to see a meteor stream on the rooftop of a chapel. One meteor grazes them and hits the steeple of the chapel.There he finds a secret room and a sleeping girl. The girl wakes up and says “You must be my father!”. The encounter with the mysterious girl brings an unexpected adventure to Leicester.

 Legends tell of an invincible martial art known as Mutsu Enmei-Ryu, an unarmed style that allows the user to defeat any number of armed opponents using incredible speed and strength. This is the story of three generations of those who bear the name Mutsu, and their encounters and battles with the strongest fighters of their era.

 During the An Lushan Rebellion of the Tang Dynasty, monsters are everywhere and the people were destitute in the Central Plains. Li Haobai started from the Bashu and wanted to go to the front line to make a meritorious deed. On the way he was swallowed by the monster. By coincidence, Li Haobai and the guardian of the dragon’s veins merged with each other to obtain the power of the black dragon. And he has since been involved in the struggle of various forces.
 As a baby Jiro was delivered to his foster parents by a massive oni, who said he would return for Jiro in 15 years. When the time comes Jiro must contend with enemy oni, dark cultists, and their minions while attempting to protect both his parents and girlfriend from their depredations. Ultimately he must embark on a journey through the past, future, and other dimensions to embrace his destiny as Shuten Doji reborn.
 As a baby Jiro was delivered to his foster parents by a massive oni, who said he would return for Jiro in 15 years. When the time comes Jiro must contend with enemy oni, dark cultists, and their minions while attempting to protect both his parents and girlfriend from their depredations. Ultimately he must embark on a journey through the past, future, and other dimensions to embrace his destiny as Shuten Doji reborn.
 In the future, age is not a factor to determine whether someone can perform a certain task or not, but special talent and training. An organization, Machine Robo Rescue (MRR), was established for robots and children to become partner and rescue people from danger. Then 12 children with various abilities were selected and introduced as part of this program
 Five hundred years have passed since the humans went extinct at the hands of the fearsome and mysterious 'Beasts'. The surviving races now make their homes up on floating islands in the sky, out of reach of all but the most mobile of Beasts.Only a small group of young girls, the Leprechauns, can wield the ancient weapons needed to fend off invasions from these creatures. Into the girls’ unstable and fleeting lives, where a call to certain death could come at any moment, enters an unlikely character
 Five hundred years have passed since the humans went extinct at the hands of the fearsome and mysterious 'Beasts'. The surviving races now make their homes up on floating islands in the sky, out of reach of all but the most mobile of Beasts.Only a small group of young girls, the Leprechauns, can wield the ancient weapons needed to fend off invasions from these creatures. Into the girls’ unstable and fleeting lives, where a call to certain death could come at any moment, enters an unlikely character
 The Man-Killer Virus
 If I am promised to the princess, then I will fight for her sake.In 1939 C.E., the imperialist nation of Germania invaded a neighboring country. All at once, that war spread throughout Europe, and the era was dragged into a spiral of a great war.Then, in 1940, Germania's attack turned towards the Principality of Elystadt, a small Alps country abundant with beautiful water and greenery.
 If I am promised to the princess, then I will fight for her sake. In 1939 C.E., the imperialist nation of Germania invaded a neighboring country. All at once, that war spread throughout Europe, and the era was dragged into a spiral of a great war. Then, in 1940, Germania's attack turned towards the Principality of Elystadt, a small Alps country abundant with beautiful water and greenery.
 High above the realm of man, the gods of the world have convened to decide on a single matter
 High above the realm of man, the gods of the world have convened to decide on a single matter
 Just as the planet approached its third World War, individuals with superpowers appeared from around the globe to maintain peace. They became the symbols of their respective nations, striving to limit crime and bring evildoers to justice. Teenage heroine Teru "Shy" Momijiyama is Japan's representative in the world of heroes. When a mysterious threat called Amalareiks emerges, Shy must work together with her fellow heroes to stop them at all costs.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.


 “Ghost” is an online mobile game that Ye Yinyi always dreamed of completing, and to that end, has poured his blood and tears into it, even missing a date with his girlfriend. However, he learns about an alarming monster attack on a young woman near his house, a photograph of which shows the monster to bear a resemblance to the monster he designed. Why is the world of his mobile game appearing in real life?
 The story takes place in an era when humans and monsters coexist. According to legend, as long as humans and monsters practice together, they will reach the realm of innocence and achieve mutual happiness. But there are always some people, some monsters, because of their greed and desire, who went down the wrong path. In order to become a true dragon, our protagonist Xiao Li embarks on a journey to realize a thousand hopes for the people. As soon as he left the mountain, he met Qiushui, a demon slayer who would never give up until he caught him. In order to get rid of the autumn water, Xiao Li avoided all the roads, fighting, learning from the teacher, learning art, and causing trouble. I have made a lot of new friends, experienced many crises, and gained a lot of wisdom. It seems that I have also developed some subtle friendships with Qiushui unconsciously. Fate is such a thing, who knows? Just like when Empress Nuwa created humans and monsters, why incorporate good and evil into their souls? Maybe it's all exams, maybe it's all a guide to innocence

 It's been a thousand years since the Gauna, a strange alien race with no known method of communication, destroyed the solar system. A portion of humanity managed to escape using enormous "seed ships" like the Sidonia, which have allowed them to maintain the population while drifting through space. Nagate Tanikaze is a young man who has been raised deep in the bowels of the ship. When he goes into training to pilot the huge robotic weapons known as Gardes, Nagate is entrusted with piloting the legendary unit known as Tsugumori. Nagate and his fellow pilots put their lives on the line against the Gauna, in the ultimate battle for the survival of humanity!
 A recap of the first season of Sidonia no Kishi with additional scenes and re-edited sound effects.
 After the Earth was destroyed by mysterious alien lifeforms known as the Gauna, surviving remnants of the human race escaped to space in the enormous generation ship Sidonia. Having drifted through space for millennia, the Sidonia found itself once more under attack from Gauna for the first time in a century.Once again facing the threat of extinction, a temporary victory against the Gauna was eked out thanks to the human-Gauna hybrid Tsumugi Shiraui and ace Guardian mech pilot Nagate Tanikaze.10 years later... The people of Sidonia enjoy a brief respite. Peaceful days pass, during which Tsumugi begins to realize her feelings for Nagate, who is now celebrated as a hero of Sidonia. However, as Captain Kobayashi has always known, as long as the Gauna remain, peace cannot last.The decision is made
 After the Earth was destroyed by mysterious alien lifeforms known as the Gauna, surviving remnants of the human race escaped to space in the enormous generation ship Sidonia. Having drifted through space for millennia, the Sidonia found itself once more under attack from Gauna for the first time in a century.Once again facing the threat of extinction, a temporary victory against the Gauna was eked out thanks to the human-Gauna hybrid Tsumugi Shiraui and ace Guardian mech pilot Nagate Tanikaze.10 years later... The people of Sidonia enjoy a brief respite. Peaceful days pass, during which Tsumugi begins to realize her feelings for Nagate, who is now celebrated as a hero of Sidonia. However, as Captain Kobayashi has always known, as long as the Gauna remain, peace cannot last.The decision is made
 Having narrowly avoided the collision with the asteroid, the Sidonia sets a course for the Lem system in order to wipe out the Gauna nest.
 Having narrowly avoided the collision with the asteroid, the Sidonia sets a course for the Lem system in order to wipe out the Gauna nest.
 The year is 2023 and Alien Beings known as “Lucifer Hawks” have begun invading earth from another dimension.
 1998
 The year is 2023 and Alien Beings known as "Lucifer Hawks" have begun invading earth from another dimension. All that stands between them and the enslavement of the human race is the Attacked Mystification Police Department - a special division of the Tokyo Police staffed by women with amazing paranormal abilities.
 In a futuristic Tokyo, several policewomen fight a monster. One of them, Katsumi Liqueur, remembers where she saw it before... Katsumi Liqueur, an American-born woman of Japanese descent, travels to Tokyo to visit her mother, Fuyuka, who is sick in the hospital. She takes a shortcut through an alley after her taxi gets stuck in traffic, only to encounter a monster and two policewomen fighting it. Later, she meets their chief, Rally Cheyenne, who, it seems, has been expecting her, though Katsumi has never met her before. The policewomen want Katsumi to help them fight the monster, but Katsumi, who does not want to believe in magic, resists.
 This sequel to the Silent Mobius The Movie 1 continues the timeline of the flashback section of the first movie (Katsumis initial contact with AMP), using some more ideas and persons from the Manga, and being slightly less incompatible to the Silent Mobius series from 1998.
 The young boy named Hachiken Yuugo apparently aspires to live separated from his family. So he takes his chances by enrolling to an agriculture school, one which requires its students to live at a dormitory. He thinks, with his talent in studying, no problem will arise no matter what kind of school he goes to. But he is proven wrong. Grown up as all-easy-to-get city boy, he is forced to uncover not-too-convenient truths about agricultural life. Enjoy the story of Hachiken, as he is trying to keep up with his friends, farmers' heirs who are already accustomed to hardworking farm life.
 Second season of Gin no Saji.
 Plot Summary
 You, will you be a worshipper of the devil lords? These beautiful lords lead humans to the seven deadly sins
 You, will you be a worshipper of the devil lords? These beautiful lords lead humans to the seven deadly sins
 Short anime series of Sin
 In the 21st century, the city of Freeport teeters on the verge of collapse. The twin tides of rampant crime and ruinous graft face but a single barrier, an elite strike-force labeled HARDCORPS. Lead by Colonel John Blade, they have become a fierce fighting force for justice in Freeport. Now, Blade must unravel a series of mysterious kidnappings. An elaborate puzzle unfolds as he delves into the decadence of the city, and at its heart isElexis Sinclaire. Brilliant biochemist, unscrupulous businesswoman, and merciless vixen, Elexis will stop at nothing to achieve her monstrous goal
 Sinbad includes a digest of the first two movies along with new content which concludes the story.
 Sinbad includes a digest of the first two movies along with new content which concludes the story.
 Sinbad and his friends run afoul of a storm while riding on the ship Bahal. Ali sights an island, which the ship heads toward to make repairs. Sinbad and Sana board a dinghy and land on the island. Sana sees a vision of a magical lamp, and Sinbad and the others set out to find it.(Source
 Sinbad and his friends run afoul of a storm while riding on the ship Bahal. Ali sights an island, which the ship heads toward to make repairs. Sinbad and Sana board a dinghy and land on the island. Sana sees a vision of a magical lamp, and Sinbad and the others set out to find it.(Source
 Sinbad dreams of voyaging to an unknown world. He and his pet monkey Mimi encounter Sana, a girl riding a flying wooden horse. Then, the wind shifts.(Source
 Sinbad dreams of voyaging to an unknown world. He and his pet monkey Mimi encounter Sana, a girl riding a flying wooden horse. Then, the wind shifts.(Source
 Graduating senior Sakisaka Saki is secretly in love with her older sister Noriko's boyfriend, Kazame Kaname, unaware that Noriko and Kaname have broken up. Saki hopes to escape her dilemma when she goes to college, but she ends up attending the same college as Kaname. During orientation, she is recruited to Kaname's video club. He wants to film her, but so does another boy, Tachibana Daichi, who is secretly in love with her. Can the knots be untangled and true love find its true course?
 Plot Summary
 Wataru Minakami is a top student who failed his high school entrance exam because of a computer glitch. He later discovered that he was accepted to Stargazer Hill Academy, which is located at a mysterious place called Promised Island. At the request of his father, Wataru is whisked away to the island, and before he can settle in, a dozen of cute and charming girls start to flock him and claim to be his younger sisters. As Wataru gets closer to his newfound siblings, a deeper mystery as to why they were sent to the island comes to play.
 This story is about twelve sisters who love their older brother. RePure is the 2nd season installment of the series, following Sister Princess.
 Reki, a high school sophomore and skater, is addicted to "S," a highly secret and dangerous downhill skateboarding race that takes place in an abandoned mine. The skaters are especially wild about the "beefs," or heated battles that erupt in the races.Reki takes Langa, a transfer student returning to Japan after studying abroad, to the mine where the races are held. Langa, who has no skateboarding experience, finds himself pulled into the world of "S"...
 Reki, a high school sophomore and skater, is addicted to "S," a highly secret and dangerous downhill skateboarding race that takes place in an abandoned mine. The skaters are especially wild about the "beefs," or heated battles that erupt in the races.Reki takes Langa, a transfer student returning to Japan after studying abroad, to the mine where the races are held. Langa, who has no skateboarding experience, finds himself pulled into the world of "S"...
 The anime will tell the story of high school students as they compete in groups in a unique form of figure skating called "Skate-Leading."
 The anime will tell the story of high school students as they compete in groups in a unique form of figure skating called "Skate-Leading."
 At Kaimei High School, the Living Assistance Club (aka the Sket Brigade) was organized to help students with problems big or small.Most of the time, though, they hang out in their club room, bored, with only a few trivial problems floating in every once in a while. In spite of this, they still throw all their energy into solving these worries.
 At Kaimei High School, the Living Assistance Club (aka the Sket Brigade) was organized to help students with problems big or small.Most of the time, though, they hang out in their club room, bored, with only a few trivial problems floating in every once in a while. In spite of this, they still throw all their energy into solving these worries.
 Short specials from the DVDs.
 Plot Summary
 Excellent student Iwakura Mitsumi has always dreamt about leaving her small town, going to a prestigious university, and making positive change in the world. But she's so focused on reaching her goals that she's not prepared for the very different (and overwhelming) city life that awaits her in a Tokyo high school. Luckily, she makes fast friends with Shima Sousuke, a handsome classmate who's as laid-back as she is over-prepared. Can this naive country girl make it big in Tokyo with Sousuke by her side?
 Kominami Shizuka is a mild-mannered college student who is having trouble adjusting to city life. One day, she meets Kirishima Ryou, another student who projects the image of a cool older sister. The two hit it off, but Shizuka is shocked when Ryou attempts to seduce her. Shizuka initially assumes that Ryou is a lesbian, but Ryou is in fact a man who dresses like a lady.
 In the near future, Earth is at war with aliens called Worms. The war leaves the population of Earth decimated, with young men the main casualties. The Worms were beaten back but their re-emergence heralds the creation of a mecha unit called the Sonic Divers, piloted by 3 young girls to counter this threat.
 In the year 2079 AD, the mysterious mechanical cell clusters, know as Worms, begin the Human Being Sweep Operation. After a two-year war, one-third of the human race was wiped out. Finally setting national differences aside, in desperation, mankind reluctantly decides to use weapons of mass destruction. However, the victory against the Worms came at an enormous price
 Sakuragi Hanamichi is a junior high punk used to getting into fights and being rejected by girls but upon entering high school he meets the girl of his dreams, Haruko Akagi. He will do anything in order to win her heart including joining the school basketball team that is aiming to conquer the nation lead by Haruko’s brother.The problem is that Sakuragi has never played basketball before and a freshman sensation is stealing the spotlight and Haruko’s affection from him.
 Hanamichi Sakuragi, infamous for this temper, massive height, and fire-red hair, enrolls in Shohoku High, hoping to finally get a girlfriend and break his record of being rejected 50 consecutive times in middle school. His notoriety precedes him, however, leading to him being avoided by most students. Soon, after certain events, Hanamichi is left with two unwavering thoughts
 Sakuragi and the Shohoku team takes on Oda and Takezono High School. This is Sakuragi's second match as he faces Oda, a basketball player who went to the same junior high.
 Ichiro Mizusawa, a player from Rukawa's old junior high school, Tomigoaka, is diagnosed with a crippling leg condition and wants to play one last game with Rukawa. Hanamichi sets out to help the boy and fulfill his wish.
 After losing the titanic match against Kainan High, Team Shohoku and a newly shaven Hanamichi Sakuragi are challenged to an exhibition match by virtual basketball unknowns Ryoukufu High. Coach Anzai sees this as an opportunity for Shohoku to regain their confidence, but Ryoukufu are revealed to have a newly assembled championship calibre lineup and may give Sakuragi & Co their toughest test yet.
 Set during the Inter High Championships, Shohoku take on Tsukubu, one of this year's dark horses. It's a clash of acquaintances as Anzai will face his former student which is now the coach of Tsukubu, while Akagi & Kogure meet Godai their former classmate and Tsukubu's captain. Finally Sakuragi is irked by the presence of Nango, Tsukubu's center, who vies for Haruko's attention.
 Swordsman Baron travels the world of Arad to find a way to heal his demonic left arm. Accompanying him is Roxy, the ghost of a woman who unwillingly unleashed the evil that also caused Barons transformation.On their travel they get to know other fighters who accompany them and soon they call their group the “Party”.
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what’s supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina “liberated” from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo.Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what's supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina "liberated" from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo. Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what’s supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina “liberated” from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo.Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what’s supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina “liberated” from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo.Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 To find a way in rescuing Pokota's country Taforashia which was sealed by Rezo, Lina and her group are in search for the Hellmaster's jar in what the Red Priest placed his soul after death. Zelgadis is willing to do anything to get the jar for changing back into a human while Zuuma is plotting on revenge and accomplishing assignment in killing Lina Inverse. Still a big mystery for her and the others is what Xellos is aiming for in this battle.
 In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war.
 In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war.
 Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene.
 Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene.
 Laia Einburg wants for her father Galia, who is a talented golom maker, and her equally ambitious brother Huey to end a long running feud. But her luck changes for the worse when Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent save Laia from a rampaging golem.
 Laia Einburg wants for her father Galia, who is a talented golom maker, and her equally ambitious brother Huey to end a long running feud. But her luck changes for the worse when Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent save Laia from a rampaging golem.
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what’s supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina “liberated” from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo.Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 Lina, Gourry, Zelgadis, and Amelia coincidently meet up again and begin to search for the Clair Bible. During their search they run into a mysterious priest named Xelloss who seems to know a thing or two about the passages they're looking for, but he tends to get them into more trouble instead of out of it. Furthermore, they discover that the Monster race has plans of their own, and as it turns out, Lina and Company just might be a big part of their evil intentions.
 Lina and Gourry travel to a seaside town named Acassi, where octopus tentacle is a delicacy. However, the octopus meat carries a curse that dooms the eater to only speak Takogo (octopus language). Amelia, Zelgadiss, and Xelloss all show up, and the main four characters (Lina, Gourry, Ameria, Zelgadiss) get cursed. The octopi enlist the power of a mazoku to get rid of the humans once and for all. The white sorceress Ruma must learn the cure to the curse from her long-lost master in order to save the town.
 The inhabitants of the village of Biaz, forced to labour in the serivce of the world-domination-happy Zein organization, hires Lina Inverse and Naga The Serpent to drive off the invaders. Lina and Naga agree, lured by stories of Elfin treasure sleeping below Biaz, only to get considerably more trouble -from the Zein and from the treasure - than they ever expected.
 The inhabitants of the village of Biaz, forced to labor in the serivce of the world-domination-happy Zein organization, hires Lina Inverse and Naga The Serpent to drive off the invaders. Lina and Naga agree, lured by stories of Elfin treasure sleeping below Biaz, only to get considerably more trouble -from the Zein and from the treasure - than they ever expected.
 Having lost the Sword of Light in the previous battle, Lina and Gourry continue their journey in search of a replacement weapon. On the way, the two of them meet up with Amelia and Zelgadis in the kingdom of Luvinagard while taunting some pirates. Lina is happy to reunite with her old friends, but appearing before her is Luvinagard's Inspector of the Special Investigative Unit; a man called Wizer. However, Lina is amazed at his unusual behavior...
 Lina Inverse, a wandering sorceress and bandit-killer, joins forces with roving swordsman Gourry Gabriev in what’s supposed to be a quick union of convenience. Instead, an artifact Lina “liberated” from a gang of thieves turns out to be the key to the resurrection of the demon lord Shabranigdo.Urged on by the mysterious Red Priest Rezo, the pair has no choice but to fight the dark lord and his servants, accumulating new allies and enemies along the way.
 Several months have passed (after the end of Slayers Next). The barrier put in place by the mazoku sublords has been broken, and as a result, Lina Inverse and her friends are allowed access to the outside world. There they become wrapped up in a prophecy stating that a dark lord from another dimension, Dark Star Dugradigdo, will enter their world and spread chaos.
 In these three self-contained half-hour stories, Lina Inverse and her partner, Naga The Serpent, take on a variety of jobs for quick cash, food, and/or their own skins. The first episode, "The Scary Chimera Plan," pits them against a lunatic magician who intends to use Lina to create a fearsome, spell-slinging monster. Then, in "Jeffry's Knighthood," they're hired by an overprotective mother to see that her son - a young man barely capable of holding a sword - becomes a respected knight, by "helping" him fight off the marauding soldiers terrorizing the area. Finally, "Mirror, Mirror" puts the two in a race to hunt down and capture (for bounty, of course) a rogue sorceror who's found an ancient artifact that can create loyal duplicates of anything or anyone, including his enemies.
 Summary
 In this prequel movie to the Slayers televison series, Lina Inverse travels to Mipross Island with her rival/traveling companion Naga the Serpent. While they originally came for the hot springs, they soon find them selves mixed up in a conspiracy involving a mazoku named Joyrock. Years ago, he killed all of the elves that inhabited the island and absorbed their power. They are soon joined by an old mage named Rowdy Gabriev, who was in love with one of the elves slaughtered and also wants to defeat Joyrock.
 Suddenly dying from overwork, salarywoman Azusa Aizawa finds herself before an angel, who allows her to reincarnate into a new world as an immortal witch, where she spends her days killing slimes for money on an otherwise eternal vacation. But even the minimal experience points from slimes will add up after hundreds of years, and Azusa discovers that she accidentally reached the maximum level! Fearing that her strong abilities will attract work and force her back to a life of overexertion, she decides to hide her strength in order to preserve her peaceful lifestyle.Despite her efforts, tales of the max level "Witch of the Plateau" spread across the land, and a proud dragon named Raika shows up looking to test their strength against her. Even though Azusa defeats and befriends Raika, problems arise as both friends and foes come looking for the secluded witch.
 Second season of Slime Taoshite 300-nen, Shiranai Uchi ni Level Max ni Nattemashita.
 Hana Ichinose is a normal 16-year-old high school student. However, there is something different about her
 Based on the Adachi manga of the same name. The story revolves around a romantic triangle formed by the girl Minatsu Nakazato, a young student and softball player; Shu Akiba, a schoolmate; and Naoto Kadomatsu, an up-and-coming boxer. In reality the three-way relationship is more like three-and-a-half, considering that Naoto is in love with Maria... actually Minatsu herself, who'd once disguised herself to escape some evildoers.
 The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book, where they are guided by Niko, a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world.
 Eight years ago, a homeless Sissy was rescued by Steven, and became a servant of the Qi family. Many years of companionship created undeniable bond between those two! Steven's mother getting in the way, Steven's many admirers, and the oldest son of the Ji family who can't stop his love for Sissy.... Will the truth from eight years ago come to light? After all these years, is it true love or just a game?
 One rainy day, Osamu gets on his way back home. Then he finds out the umbrella that Sayu gave to him as a present is missing. The umbrella transforms into a girl, and starts moving around the city that gets rained on.
 Special episodes from the Blu-rays and DVDs.
 The girls of the Hakuou Middle School soft tennis club are aiming for the national championship. Along the way, their journey will be full love, rivalry, fervor, and insanity.
 Five female pirates pilot the Sol Bianca, a starship with a higher level of technology than any other known. With it, they seek out riches, such as the Gnosis, an legendary item of power, and pasha, the most valuable mineral in the galaxy.Along the way, they must consider a stowaway’s quest to save the one he loves, and seek revenge against those that have wronged them.
 Thousands of years into the future, mankind has colonized other planets across the galaxy and completely forgotten about Earth. On one part of the galaxy, the female space pirates and their colossal starship Sol Bianca get a surprise when a young girl named Mayo stows away on board the ship. The crew then embarks on a journey to Earth to find the whereabouts of Mayo's parents and discover the secrets of the lost planet.
 Plot Summary
 In a future-based disaster-ridden city with an enormous gap between the rich and the poor, it is hard to tell which humans are walking around with cybernetic body parts. This makes Roy Revant's job as a renegade bounty hunter/bodyguard-for-hire even more difficult. When a young girl with unbeliveable strength rescues him from a particularly dangerous criminal, Roy realizes that perhaps help can be found in the strangest of places. Joining together with a few others, they engage in a battle to find out the truth behind the giant conglomerates that are supposedly serving mankind and making life better.Solty, an android who has lost her memory, has escaped and is being hunted by the RUC Security Bureau. She encounters the bounty hunter Roy and he adopts her as his daughter after being hired as a bodygaurd for Miranda.
 The world is ruled by spirits, goblins, and all manner of strange creatures. Human beings are persecuted, to the very point of extinction. One day, a golem and a lone human girl meet.This is a record of the pair, one a member of a ruined race, the other a watchman of the forest. It tells of their travels together and of the bond between father and daughter.
 The world is ruled by spirits, goblins, and all manner of strange creatures. Human beings are persecuted, to the very point of extinction. One day, a golem and a lone human girl meet.This is a record of the pair, one a member of a ruined race, the other a watchman of the forest. It tells of their travels together and of the bond between father and daughter.
 Plot Summary
 Seunghee may seem like a regular high school boy, but he’s got a few secrets
 Super Sonico is a clutzy, adorable, and well-endowed 18-year old girl. She's a complete sucker for anything cute, especially stray cats, all of which she giddily adopts. However, though Sonico should be enjoying a carefree and simple lifestyle as a young college student, her life is really anything but easy
 When Dr. Eggman (Robotnik in the US version) holds the president and his daughter hostage, Sonic must comply to the evil scientist's demand of going to Eggmanland to stop Black Eggman and deactivate the city's generator before it reaches critical mass. Little does Sonic know that it's a trap to activate Hyper Metal Sonic, a robot counterpart built by Eggman to destroy our hero.
 Back on Sonic's home planet, Eggman has collected all 7 of the Chaos Emeralds, and is about to have absolute power when Sonic interferes, causing an explosion that sends everyone from their world to Earth. Sonic and his friends team up with 12 year old Christopher Thorndyke to collect all the Chaos Emeralds and defeat the evil Dr. Eggman.
 Back on Sonic's home planet, Eggman has collected all 7 of the Chaos Emeralds, and is about to have absolute power when Sonic interferes, causing an explosion that sends everyone from their world to Earth. Sonic and his friends team up with 12 year old Christopher Thorndyke to collect all the Chaos Emeralds and defeat the evil Dr. Eggman.
 When Dr. Eggman (Robotnik in the US version) holds the president and his daughter hostage, Sonic must comply to the evil scientist's demand of going to Eggmanland to stop Black Eggman and deactivate the city's generator before it reaches critical mass. Little does Sonic know that it's a trap to activate Hyper Metal Sonic, a robot counterpart built by Eggman to destroy our hero.
 Empty classrooms, boring days. It was supposed to be a normal summer vacation just like any other. Suddenly, the school begins to drift through another dimension, and 36 boys and girls are left there, awakening to their supernatural abilities. Amidst the whirlpool of questions that come to mind one after another, survival in a supernatural world begins.
 Empty classrooms, boring days. It was supposed to be a normal summer vacation just like any other. Suddenly, the school begins to drift through another dimension, and 36 boys and girls are left there, awakening to their supernatural abilities. Amidst the whirlpool of questions that come to mind one after another, survival in a supernatural world begins.
 Short picture episodes with Risa and Miya from "Sono Hanabira ni Kuchizuke wo" visual novel series.
 The anime will take place in Fukuoka, and will follow the love lives of four female protagonists as high school students, college students, and as working adults.
 In the year 311 of the orbital calendar, humanity has migrated to countless colony clusters in space. Akiha Shishido encounters a malevolent artificial intelligence, Leopard, who has been installed on a colony.She is joined by Inter-Colony-Police officer Itsuki Kannagi, taciturn young girl Honoka Kawai and a robot-potato, Imoko “Imo-chan” Shishido.
 High school student Aoi Aioi lives with her elder sister, Akane, after a tragic accident took their parents away 13 years ago. Because Akane has since been taking care of her single-handedly, Aoi wants to move to Tokyo after her graduation to relieve her sister's burden and pursue a musical career, inspired by Akane's ex-boyfriend Shinnosuke "Shinno" Kanamuro. Shinno was part of a band until he left for Tokyo to become a professional bassist after the sisters' parents passed away, and he was never to be seen again.One afternoon, while Aoi practices her guitar in a guest house, she gets startled by the 18-year-old version of Shinno from 13 years ago! As if by coincidence, the current 31-year-old Shinno also returns to the town, but he has changed drastically. There are now two Shinno's in existence, but why is the Shinno from the past present?Sora no Aosa wo Shiru Hito yo revolves around these four individuals as they confront their inner feelings toward each other and make decisions that will affect their lives from here on out.
 In the story, Saku ?yagi is a quiet bookworm who moves back to his former hometown as a high school freshman. He meets his childhood friend, Mihoshi Akeno , although a traumatic incident long ago had left their friendship in an awkward state.Despite this, Mihoshi brings Saku into the astronomy club she founded, and this sets the stage for the slapstick romantic comedy that
 The story begins one winter day when the wish of a few girls was realized with a miracle, changing the landscape of a town. "In the skies above this town, a disc is always there."
 Original short anime bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Sora no Method.
 The official website of Sora no Method (Celestial Method) announced a new episode for the anime series. The episode will feature a new character.
 omoki Sakurai often encounters a strange girl in his dreams asking for his help, but he can’t remember her face when he wakes up.When an Unidentified Mysterious Animal (U.M.A.) falls out of the sky, his life of pacifism suddenly becomes complicated. The animal turns out to be an angel, Ikaros.
 Sakurai Tomoki has been having the same strange dream since he was a child and would wake up in tears. Sugata, an upperclassman at his school, believes the dream to be of the new continent. Later that night, while waiting under the cherry trees for Sugata and his childhood friend, an angel called Ikaros comes flying down and his peaceful life changes from then on.
 The second movie of Sora no Otoshimono.
 The second movie of Sora no Otoshimono that concludes the anime series.
 Sora no Otoshimono Final
 The story follows Tomoki Sakurai, a pacifist middle school boy. A strange girl appears in his dream to ask for his help, but he cannot remember her face when he wakes up.His life is more complicated when an unidentified mysterious animal falls from the skies, which turns out to be an angel called Ikaros. Sequel to Sora No Otoshimono.
 Sakurai Tomoki has settled into his life with the two angeloids, Ikaros and Nymph, and is enjoying himself immensely. However, he keeps having weird dreams and asks all of his friends to help him investigate the cause.Nymph conjures up a device that enables people, but not angeloids, to enter other people's dreams. The device malfunctions at first but eventually they get to what was supposed to be Tomoki's dream but discover that something is very wrong with it.Later, a meteor comes crashing down from the skies at the site of the large cherry blossom tree where Tomoki first discovered Ikaros. An extremely well endowed blonde angeloid with a huge sword emerges from the meteor and sets off in search of Tomoki!
 Sakurai Tomoki goes on a trip to a hot spring, and is soon up to his usual perverted antics. In addition, he is about to receive his first love confession! However, his desire to pass his days peacefully is challenged once again by another Angeloid. Compared with the hostile Angeloids he had encountered in the past, this new Type Zeta Angeloid is by far the most powerful!
 Movie adaptation of the Sora no Otoshimono manga, based on Kazane Hiyori's arc.
 The story is set long in the future where the world has seen many wars and has settled into a quiet decline. The story begins as Kanata Kumika, a 15-year-old girl who enlists with the army, was assigned to a unit of five girls as they defend a fortress.It also seems that music would play an important part of the series, since the series has some pretty heavy emphasis on the girls playing music across lands from their fortress.
 Set in Onomichi City, six girls dream of becoming Space Fishermen. They aim to capture god-eating monsters that leave fish vulnerable, as well as enemies which they encounter.
 Sora yori mo Tooi Basho will center on high school girls visiting the South Pole.
 Minami is a high school girl and beginner at golf. Her two friends Haruka and Ayaka introduce her to the sport and they enjoy playing and learning together.
 In the continent of spooner, sorcerers, who are the continent’s aristocrats, have begun to abuse their powers. Under the guidance of Big Momma (their boss) Carrot (who turns into a giant monster every time he’s placed under a magic spell), Gateau (a bodybuilder), Marron (a mage), Chocolate and Tira (who can transform into dominatrix’s at will) must stop the evil sorcerers from picking on the weak.However, none of them (except maybe Marron) have a clue to what’s going on.
 Anything could happen at Hot Hot Mart, one suburban convenience store known for its hand-made dishes
 The series centers on Futaba Ichinose, Ichigo Moesaki, and Rin Kohana, three rookie voice actresses. The manga features small but humorous observations of the voice actor industry.
 Special episode of Sore ga Seiyuu! bundled in BD & DVD Vol.7
 Anpanman's friends get the spotlight in this collection of three adventures. In the first, Baikinman kidnaps Anpanman and others and it's up to the toddler Aka-chanman to save them from Baikinman's dangerous amusement park, the Baikin-dome! The next story takes place in a wild west setting, where Baikinman and his Kabi Gang are hijacking train deliveries. SLman, a steam locomotive, and Currypanman agree to make an important food delivery, but can they overcome Baikinman's Gang? The third and last segment has Anpanman and his friends building handmade vehicles to go on a trip together, and as each new one joins the group, they sing their theme songs, creating an Anpanman song medley!
 22nd Anpanman short movie.
 17th Anpanman movie.

 The annual Star Festival to honor the stars that bring life is drawing nearer. Anpanman finds an abandoned doll who is brought to life by a Star of Life. The doll, now named Dolly, spends all of her time having fun, convinced that enjoying oneself is the meaning of life. However, her Star of Life is starting to disappear, and Baikinman builds a huge robot inspired by memories of his own birth.
 The story begins in Anpanman World, where everybody is bustling around, getting ready for the annual Star Festival. On that day, an egg emerges from Baikinman's garbage box, and when it hatches, a mysterious boy named Kurun emerges from within. Though Kurun does not know where he came from, he spends his days having fun with everybody. But one day, black stars begin raining down. Anpanman thinks that something suspicious might be occurring at the Star of Life, and he heads there.
 Yakisobaman and Uncle Negi try to escort the young Pepper Trio and their important cargo to Vegetable Village in time for the carnival this evening but Baikinman and his gang are trying to steal the cargo. Luckily, Naganegiman keeps showing up to help fight them off, but how? Who could this mysterious masked swordsman be?
 The film's story centers on Princess Vanilla, a princess in a land of ice cream, but who nevertheless is unable to create ice cream herself, no matter how much she practices every day. Finally fed up with her lack of ability, she flees her palace, and soon meets Anpanman and Kokin-chan. While traveling with them, she learns the reason why she can't create ice cream. Meanwhile, Baikinman attacks the land of ice cream while Princess Vanilla is missing.


 14th Anpanman movie.
 Ruby is an Aurora Girl who makes northern lights together with her kind. She is banished from Aurora no kuni (Aurora Land) because of her selfishness and horrible behaviour, and she is told to find a stone called Aurora no Shizuku that can grant three wishes. That way she will be forgiven. Ruby meets Anpanman and lies to him that she needs the stone to rescue her land. But when Baikinman is also interested in getting the three wishes, Ruby is torn between the choice of helping her new friends or being able to return to Aurora no kuni.
 Anpanman's friends go see a bubble show performed by Shabondama-hime and her Shabondama Girls, who make exquisite bubbles by playing their flutes. One of the girls, Purun, can't make big bubbles no matter how much she rehearses. She feels inadequate as she goes to retrieve her lost flute, which Creampanda finds and goes to return. Meanwhile Baikinman takes over Shabondama-hime's castle and steals the flutes, using their power to create evil bubbles, and Purun must realize her own importance and save the day with Anpanman's help.
 14th Anpanman short movie.
 In the southern country of Banana island, the energetic princess and his humble servant Banna invite Anpanman and his friends to their biggest festival "Banana Matsuri". But when they arrive a stormy and cold day bestows the island and withers all the Banana crop. While searching for the cause on the Banana Mountain a water monster appears that threatens to take back the island to the water world. With the help of Banna, can Anpanman and his friends rescue the island from this crisis?

 4th Anpanman short movie.
 The web anime depicts two girls, Hajime and Chizuru, who are stranded on a remote island, and how they encourage each other to live a survival life while doing their favorite comedy sketches.
 On a whim, first-year Ayumu Tanaka quits the Kendo Club to join the illegitimate Shogi Club. Urushi Yaotome, the president of the club and a master of shogi, is thrilled to finally have a playing partner. As Ayumu's upperclassman, Urushi endeavors to be his shogi mentor and student role model. Too often, however, she finds herself blushing with embarrassment! Stone-faced and honest, Ayumu sees no issue with calling Urushi "cute." Although Ayumu likes her, he refrains from confessing and promises himself to first beat her in a game of shogi.Through school life and shogi games, the two students have many hilarious and heart-warming adventures. Ayumu enjoys every second with Urushi, but he is still a long way from beating her in shogi. With the commitment he made to himself, will Ayumu ever get the chance to confess his feelings to Urushi?
 Seaside Maid Cafe in the Maruko Shopping District at first glance seems normal. But its three employees are rather odd
 Nike, the fourth princess of the Rain Dukedom and one who holds the power to call forth the rain, travels to the Sun Kingdom to marry Sun King Livius for her country, despite her own reluctance. She soon discovers that the King, who conquered the world in only three years after his ascendance to the throne, is still a child! Furthermore, for trivial reasons, he has demanded that Nike call forth the rain...?!
 Meet Yohko Yamamoto - a cat-eyed, 15-year-old girl in the late 20th century with a love for videogames and Pocky. Because of her exceptional talent with arcade shooters, she's been recruited by Lawson to travel a thousand years into the future to pilot the prototype ship TA-29. Together with Ayano Elizabeth Hakuhoin, Madoka Midoh and Momiji Kagariya, Yohko leads the Terran team against Rouge and Ness' infamous Red Snappers in this epic space adventure.
 There is an ancient legend on a distant planet which states (among other things) that four goddesses will one day descend from the skies and all will be right with the world.Of course meanwhile, Yohko and the rest of the Terra team (with one straggler) have crashed on a backwater world, and they have to figure out a way off before their new charge... gets hungry again!Every so often, a celebration takes place in one of the most beautiful places in the Universe... a cosmic Sakura fest! Since the Terra Team has been doing so well, one of them is invited to join the high command as they meet their opposite numbers from NESS. It's a time of celebration and a time of peace... but it seems that someone didn't get the message.
 In the year 2999
 “Give your life to me, and I’ll help you forget a person.” As a result, countless people go for it and use part of their life to exchange for a peaceful life. Heartbroken past is hidden in the hairpin of the imperial noble consort and the spiritual sword of the stylite. “Don’t you even have someone that you want to forget?” “Yeah, but I’ve already forgotten him.”
 The story of two girls on a war-torn planet known as "Walpurgis."
 Kato, Shimura, Arai, Nakamoto, and Takagi are friends at an all-boys boarding school. After they get tricked by their school government president, the five must put on a performance of the play "Little Women."
 Regardless of how students handle the many academic challenges facing them, they all know that there will come a day when they will leave all the hurdles of scholastic achievement behind and tackle the triumphs and sorrows of true adulthood. One thing that many young people don`t realize is that this often means leaving behind the friends that have been with them through their youth.
 For almost a millennium, the mainland of Lingzhou was ruled by an emperor and protected by eight princes. However, after the enthronement of the ninth emperor, a revolt ensued.Several heroes will then have a role to play in this chaotic situation.
 Ukyo Rettsu, a surgeon, treats a mysterous old woman for a mysterious "cancer." The growth turns out to be a messenger from the ancient past of Japan heralding a demonic invasion of the Earth. Ukyo must go back in time and fight the race of ancient demons.

 In the distant future, mankind has colonized other planets in the universe. While many planets lived in peace, the planet Jerra has been ravaged by decades of war. Geist is an M.D.S. (Most Dangerous Soldier), an enhanced human with unsurpassed combat capabilities and an insatiable lust for battle. Because of his uncontrollable nature, Geist is cryogenically frozen and locked in a satellite. Several years later, the satellite crashes and Geist wakes up from his sleep to engage in another war. This time, to help the army stop the planet's central computer from activating a doomsday device that will lead to total annihilation of all life on Jerra.
 After unleashing the Death Force machines all over the planet Jerra, Geist has kept himself busy by dismantling them one by one. But now he faces a formidable opponent in the form of Krauser, another M.D.S. (Most Dangerous Soldier) who has aligned himself as the only savior of mankind.
 For their silver anniversary, Vanilla and Coconna return to Uoodo along with Gotho in the hopes of reuniting with Chirico. Once there they find a red shouldered AT at the Battling arena.
 Chirico is awoken from cold sleep and separated from Fyana. His attempts to find her come to the attention of a Nextant, the replacement for the Perfect Soldier program. At the same time, the new Pope is to be nominated, and Chirico is religiously considered to be "The Untouchable". With one of the nominees related to the Nextant, Chirico's actions will have far-reaching political ramifications.
 Chirico visits an oasis town and meets Gotho and his friends for the first time in 32 years.
 OVA release from anime series "Armored Trooper Votoms" utilizing the latest in 3D CG animation. Created by the original staff of the series, with an all new story about the end of the 100 year war.
 In the distant future, mankind is divided into two factions
 Eleven-year-old Sara Werec's elder brother, Ralph, was sent to the frontlines of an interstellar war 130 light years away, and Sara vowed to reunite with him one day as a comrade. Five years later, Sara is a student at Grapera Space Armed Soldier Academy, training to become a Reasoner, a pilot of an advanced weapons system called a "Strain."When the academy is suddenly attacked by enemy forces, Sara enters battle against a Strain that quickly overpowers her. After incapacitating her, the pilot reveals himself to be her Ralph. Killing all the other students and destroying the school, he disappears, leaving Sara to question everything she has ever known. Soukou no Strain is the story of Sara as she reenters training under a new name, now determined to confront her brother and make sense of her brother's actions.
 Announced at the Soushi Minashiro Birthday Fes 2021. Initially promised to fans during the 2017 birthday event, this self-contained entry to the Fafner series will be a "peaceful spinoff".
 Tatsumiyajima is the central island in the middle of a small cluster of islands, in a sleepy backwater of the Japanese isles. Not much happens there, and the island's young people go to school knowing that their lives are likely to remain peaceful and undisturbed. Or so they have been taught... but the truth is different. The fate of mankind is on the line, and Tatsumiyajima is the last line of defense against a hostile and incomprehensible enemy. At the center of it all, fighting for Humanity's continued existence, is the giant robot Fafner, the dragon that guards this final treasure of mankind.
 Sequel to Soukyuu no Fafner
 Continuation of Soukyuu no Fafner

 Episodes 4-6 of the Soukyuu no Fafner
 Episodes 7-9 of the Soukyuu no Fafner
 Episodes 10-12 of the Soukyuu no Fafner
 Soul Buster is about a boy named Son Shin who lives in the present time. He breaks a seal in his dream and erases the past known as the Sangokushi period. Without knowing why, he travels back in time and gets involved with the Sangokushi timeline.
 Set in the Shinigami technical school for weapon meisters, the series revolves around 3 groups of each a weapon meister and a human weapon. Trying to make the latter a “Death Scythe” and thus fit for use by the Shinigami, they must collect the souls of 99 evil humans and 1 witch. Soul Eater is an anime that centers around meisters and their weapons and their mission to collect 99 evil souls and 1 witch soul. Upon doing that the meister’s weapons will become a Deathscythe, which is the highest title for a weapon.Maka, Soul Eater, Black Star, Tsubaki, Death the Kid, and Patty and Liz Thompson are the characters Soul Eater revolves around. Besides taking the time to gather souls these students of Shibusen defend Death City from some of the most powerful of creatures while still attending school and trying to become stronger.
 Set in the Shinigami technical school for weapon meisters, the series revolves around 3 groups of each a weapon meister and a human weapon. Trying to make the latter a "Death Scythe" which is the highest title for a weapon and thus fit for use by the Shinigami, they must collect the souls of 99 evil humans and 1 witch.Maka & Soul Eater, Black Star & Tsubaki, and Death the Kid with Patty and Liz Thompson are the characters Soul Eater revolves around. Besides taking the time to gather souls, these students of Shibusen defend Death City from some of the most powerful of creatures while still attending school and trying to become stronger.
 Soul Eater Not! is a side-story to the main series, focusing on a freshman halberd named Harudori Tsugumi, who befriends two other meisters, Tatane Meme and Anya Hepburn. All three take part in the NOT (Normally Overcome Target) class at DWMA and learn to control their powers in order to overcome their difficulties to have a normal life, as opposed to the battle-oriented EAT (Especially Advanced Talent) class taken by Maka, Soul, and their companions.
 Soul Eater NOT! is a side-story to the main series, focusing on a freshman halberd named Tsugumi Harudori, who befriends two other meisters, Meme Tatane and Anya Hepburn. All three take part in the NOT (Normally Overcome Target) class at DWMA and learn to control their powers in order to overcome their difficulties to have a normal life, as opposed to the battle-oriented EAT (Especially Advanced Talent) class taken by Maka, Soul, and their companions.
 Thousands of years ago, it was a time of witchcraft and dark magic. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of the mighty dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The human world is on the verge of utter destruction. A bold mission is planned by the Confederation of the Immortal Masters. They send a young master wizard to hung down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.
 Thousands of years ago, it was a time of witchcraft and dark magic. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of the mighty dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The human world is on the verge of utter destruction. A bold mission is planned by the Confederation of the Immortal Masters. They send a young master wizard to hung down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.
 Aizawa Ryota was in the 3rd grade of the preparatory course of Central Military Academy. AD 2045, he went to a space station, Aries, for the training with his classmates including Nagase Saka and Nittak Kazuhiko. However, the station was attacked by a terrorist group, Hallarax. *Sarara*
 After the human colony on the moon was destroyed by disease, Kyosuke Date and his mother flee to Earth- separated from their family. They take refuge in a cathedral where his mother hides as a nun for reasons unknown to Kyosuke. After dangerous people find their sanctuary, his mother stabs him before she herself is murdered.Days later, Kyosuke finds himself alive and in the house of a mysterious girl who claims to be his twin Runa- and she is not the only one! Runa suffered a similar fate at the hands of her adoptive mother; however her soul was divided into several pieces making "flicker girls" who are being hunted by the evil Kirihara Group. The reason Kyosuke survived
 Lion Games' Korean online role-playing game Soul Worker is inspiring an anime that will be streamed online. The publisher NHN PlayArt made the announcement at a press conference marking the completion of the game. The press conference showed an animatic preview and the storyboards for the anime.
 Because of a plane crash ... starting today, we're spending the springtime of our lives on a desert island!! There's nothing here, so we have to make everything!! And eat everything!! (Ugh!) Check out our high-school-girl survival story of courage and knowledge. We're actually doing pretty well! We learn how to eat cicadas, how to build traps, a simple allergy test, how to eat hermit crabs, etc.
 The reunion of Kujo with his old female classmate. He has inherited his parents' temple and became a priest. However, after the two became drunk, he does something unexpected of him to her!
 The four Ryudo brothers hold an ancient secret - they are descended from the dragons. They have the speed, strength and power of their legendary ancestors - and they're getting stronger. But when pushed to the limit, they become the terrifying, uncontrollable dragons of mythology. These powers have attracted the attention of some powerful enemies - shadowy organizations with unlimited resources and weapons who will stop at nothing to control the brothers.
 Gaiarth - a world devastated by a cataclysmic war, where pockets of humanity struggle to survive amidst the wreckage of technologies made magical by ignorance.Gaiarth - a world where artificially intelligent machines doggedly pursue their programmed imperatives
 Gaiarth - a world devastated by a cataclysmic war, where pockets of humanity struggle to survive amidst the wreckage of technologies made magical by ignorance.Gaiarth - a world where artificially intelligent machines doggedly pursue their programmed imperatives
 In a distant future, humanity once again is facing the threat of the “Shadow Angels”. Mystical creatures who returned after 12.000 years of absence. They attack human cities and kidnap their inhabitants in order to drain their “prana” (vital energy). To fight against them, youngsters with special powers from arround the world were gathered and trained to pilot the “vector machines”, three ancient ships that together form mankind’s ultimate weapon, “Aquarion”.The story revolves mainly arround Apollo, a teenager rumored as the reencarnation of Apolonius, a fallen angel who fought against his own kind to protect mankind. Few believe it could be true, but the fact is that dispite his untamed and reckless nature, he proved to be an invaluable asset in the battle against the Shadow Angels.
 Sousei no Aquarion Evol is set in the spring of 1966. Shin Tsukishima, who is travelling to get a crystal radio, meets Yuno Kawazu, a girl crying on a beach in Izu. Shin and Yuno are guided by the Book of Genesis and meet each other halfway. The boundaries between three worlds begin to distort.
 In a distant future, humanity once again is facing the threat of the “Shadow Angels”. Mystical creatures who returned after 12.000 years of absence. They attack human cities and kidnap their inhabitants in order to drain their “prana” (vital energy). To fight against them, youngsters with special powers from arround the world were gathered and trained to pilot the “vector machines”, three ancient ships that together form mankind’s ultimate weapon, “Aquarion”.The story revolves mainly arround Apollo, a teenager rumored as the reencarnation of Apolonius, a fallen angel who fought against his own kind to protect mankind. Few believe it could be true, but the fact is that dispite his untamed and reckless nature, he proved to be an invaluable asset in the battle against the Shadow Angels.
 There are two girls who are in training to become Miko at the Tema Shrine
 An unaired thirteenth episode of Soushin Shoujo Matoi included with the second BD box set.
 Original CG anime project by studio Craftar x Hulu
 Plot Summary
 Plot Summary
 It is just before WWII, Kasumi Kenshiro hides as a quiet, absent-minded professor teaching literature at a small women's college in Tokyo. Once the 62nd Grand Master of Hokuto Shinken, "God Fist of the North Star," and known has Yan Wang, or "the King of Death," who preserved the peace in the "City of Devils." A fighter of thugs and drug dealers, Kasumi seeks anonymity and a quiet life until the death of his lover, and former brothers, forces him to return to Shanghai to fulfill his destiny and avenge the deaths of his associates.
 The second cour of Souten no Ken
 Cobra, a notorious space pirate, is enlisted by bounty hunter Jane to rescue her sister from the strange being known as Crystal Boy, but then finds himself drawn into a complex struggle over the fate of a mysterious wandering planet.
 Cobra, a notorious space pirate, is enlisted by bounty hunter Jane to rescue her sister from the strange being known as Crystal Boy, but then finds himself drawn into a complex struggle over the fate of a mysterious wandering planet.
 In the distant future, the war between the human race and the Gamilon has taken its toll on the planet Earth. Constant bombardment of radioactive asteroids has rendered the planet's atmosphere uninhabitable. As a means of relief aid, Queen Starsha of the planet Iscandar offers the Earth Forces a device that can completely neutralize the radiation off the planet. For this task, the space battleship Yamato is launched from the remains of its World War II ancestor on a 148,000 light-year journey. However, the crew of the Yamato has only one Earth year to travel to Iscandar and back, or the human race will come to an end.
 A stray missile from a confrontation between the Galman empire and the Bolar Federation crashes into the sun, turning it into a time bomb of radiation. The Star Force once again sets off into space, this time on a quest to look for a new world for the human race.

 Pilot episode for the TV series.
 Space Dandy is a dandy in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!
 2nd season of Space Dandy.
 The year is 2977. Mankind has become complacent and stagnant. All work is done by machines, while humans spend all their time on entertainment. But when a mysterious invader from the stars catches Earth unawares, only the legendary space pirate Captain Harlock and the crew of the Arcadia have the will to stand against them.
 A CGI remake of the original Captain Harlock series.Captain Harlock rebelled against the Allied Forces and has been plundering space ships for one hundred years. Why did he rebelled? How does he survive for one hundred years? With awe and fear to the legendary captain, the Allied Forces issues an order to assassinate Harlock.
 On an archaelogical mission to the end of the known universe, Professor Daiba unwitting unleashes an ancient horror from its confines. Five years later the malevolent alien force sets in motion a plan which reunites the various crewmembers of the Arcadia to sail the stars once more as well as bring Tadashi Daiba to meet Harlock for the first time (again).
 On an archaelogical mission to the end of the known universe, Professor Daiba unwitting unleashes an ancient horror from its confines. Five years later the malevolent alien force sets in motion a plan which reunites the various crewmembers of the Arcadia to sail the stars once more as well as bring Tadashi Daiba to meet Harlock for the first time (again).
 Humanity's pursuit of knowledge leads them to the planet Solo, where they find mysterious remains of a long dead alien civilisation, including the three-part super-robot Ideon, and a powerful warship. Using these, the earthlings sent to investigate the ruins defend themselves in their constant battles against powerful aliens called the Buff Clan, who are in pursuit of Id, the mysterious energy that powers the Ideon.
 The Solo Ship and its crew continue their intense battle with the Buff Clan leading to a final battle that will determine the fate of all life in the universe.
 Three children pilots fight against the Dark Empire on their mission to destroy the universe.
 Space Dandy is a dandy in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!
 Second season of Space Dandy.Space Dandy is a dandy guy, in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!
 Ken Kurosawa is a clever hitman and karate fighter from Los Angeles. His one and only reason to fight is to take care of his sick little sister, Mariko. But then Ken is murdered with a bomb-car. His last wish is to be with his sister in her birthday and take care of her forever.Seven years later, Ken is back on Earth, but now as a Hellspawn. Now, he most survive using his new powers from Hell against the new threats surrounding him, his old friendships and his little sister Mariko, who is now turning into a famous actress
 When Hikari was little, she and her father liked to watch pro wrestling, and she became very good at it. She was the pride of her family until one day she was introduced to Kei, the son of her father's friend. He instantly defeated her in wrestling, and started what would become Hikari's major ambition to one day beat him. To do this she enrolled in Kei's school, an ultra-elite school that costs her father a lot of money.This unusual school created classes according to grades, and the top seven students become members of the Special A. They have their own building, and can optionally attend class. Hikari is usually the only one who does so, since she desperately wants to beat Kei with test scores. The members of the Special A have been close friends since their first year.
 Hikari Hanazono has always been second to Kei Takishima. When they were six years old, their pro-wrestling loving fathers introduced them to each other. Assuming that she was the best in wrestling, young Hikari challenged Kei to a wrestling match only to be thoroughly defeated by him.Ever since that fateful incident, Hikari swore to beat Kei in school grades, sporting events - anything. To do this, she has enrolled in the same school as Kei since elementary. Now she attends Hakusenkan, an ultra elite school, that costs her carpenter father a lot of money.Hikari and Kei are the top two students in the school, with Kei holding firmly to that number one position. While Hikari considers Kei to be a rival and important friend, she is completely unaware that Kei loves her. The story primarily focuses on Hikari and her constant attempts to defeat her one and only rival, Kei, and how she finds love in their rivalry.
 The suspense sci-fi anime takes place in a future where unbeknownst to the people of Earth, there wages an interstellar war spanning the entire universe. Alien arms dealers control our world from behind the scenes, using it as a supersoldier factory where "special kids" with unique abilities are abducted to fight in wars on the other side of the universe. When one "special kid" escapes captivity and journeys back to earth, a seemingly ordinary boy discovers he is a body double for the family all while being drawn unarmed into the heart of a space war.
 Ten years after the Bubble War, the dichotomy between the rich and the poor in the world becomes more prominent and Japan is no exception. The rich seek to satisfy their desires and derive pleasure for themselves, and Tokyo has materialized into such a city as a result. Saiga, once a war photographer, works for Hibara Ginza in the capitalist state of Tokyo. He infiltrates the Roppongi Club, a secretive base located in the red light district of the city, to collect information about them. However, he was caught in the process and brought forward to a girl called Kagura who was in the midst of a ritual. His contact with Kagura awakens his special ability
 Ten years after the Bubble War, the dichotomy between the rich and the poor in the world becomes more prominent and Japan is no exception. The rich seek to satisfy their desires and derive pleasure for themselves, and Tokyo has materialized into such a city as a result. Saiga, once a war photographer, works for Hibara Ginza in the capitalist state of Tokyo. He infiltrates the Roppongi Club, a secretive base located in the red light district of the city, to collect information about them. However, he was caught in the process and brought forward to a girl called Kagura who was in the midst of a ritual. His contact with Kagura awakens his special ability
 Kraft Lawrence (Spice) is a travelling medieval merchant, who finds a 600-year-old pagan harvest deity named Holo (Wolf) in his wagon one night. She begins travelling with him, and her wisdom helps increase his profits. But her true nature draws unwanted attention from the church...
 The peddler Lawrence Craft travels through the world selling all kinds of things. After visiting a village he discovers a sleeping girl under the hay in his cart. She has wolf ears and a tail. The wolf girl explains that she has been called a "God" but her name really is Holo and nothing else. Lawrence teases the girl a little, but after hearing more of her story is moved and decides to accompany her further north. On their travels the two have all sorts of adventures & often get into trouble but slowly the bond between them grows stronger.
 Following Kraft Lawrence (Spice) an experienced travelling merchant and his sharp-tongued 600-year-old pagan deity companion Holo (Wolf) on their journey to return to Yoitsu, Holo's home in the north. A tender relationship has blossomed between the characters, as they make deals, travel between cities, encounter religious fanatics, overcoming the daily toils of a travelling merchant.
 Following Kraft Lawrence (Spice) an experienced travelling merchant and his sharp-tongued 600-year-old pagan deity companion Holo (Wolf) on their journey to return to Yoitsu, Holo's home in the north. A tender relationship has blossomed between the characters, as they make deals, travel between cities, encounter religious fanatics, overcoming the daily toils of a travelling merchant.
 Kraft Lawrence, an experienced traveling merchant, and his sharp tongued wolf goddess companion, Holo, continue on their journey to return to Holo's home in the north called Yoitsu. A tender relationship blossoms between the two as they make deals and travel between cities.
 In this Earth, there exists unknown underground world, the Inner World. In the world, there are braves who fight with large spiders, and they are called Spider Riders.According to his grandfather's diary, a boy, Hunter Steel is traveling around. Meanwhile he happens to enter the Inner World from a pyramid. There, the war between the insect squad that aims at conquest of the Inner World and Spider Riders continues.Oracle, the fairly of the Inner World, summons Hunter because he thinks Hunter will be the messiah of the world. However, the powers of Oracle are sealed by Mantid who is the rule of the Insecter. For the peace of the Inner World, he has to find four sealed keys of Oracle to retrieve Oracle's power.Hunter asks Spider Shadow, which is a big spider chosen by Oracle, to become a member of Spider Riders to fight against enemies.
 In this Earth, there exists unknown underground world, the Inner World. In the world, there are braves who fight with large spiders, and they are called “Spider Riders”.According to his grandfather’s diary, a boy, Hunter Steel is traveling around. Meanwhile he happens to enter the Inner World from a pyramid. There, the war between the insect squad that aims at conquest of the Inner World and Spider Riders continues.Oracle, the fairly of the Inner World, summons Hunter because he thinks Hunter will be the messiah of the world. However, the powers of Oracle are sealed by Mantid who is the rule of the Insecter. For the peace of the Inner World, he has to find four sealed keys of Oracle to retrieve Oracle’s power.Hunter asks Spider Shadow, which is a big spider chosen by Oracle, to become a member of Spider Riders to fight against enemies.
 Second season of Spider Riders.
 Spiral Zone is a 1987 American science-fiction animated series produced by Atlantic/Kushner-Locke. Based in part from a toy line made by Japanese company Bandai, the series focused on an international group of soldiers fighting to free the world from a scientist who controls much of the Earth's surface. It only ran for one season, with a total count of 65 episodes.
 Narumi Ayumu lives in the shadow of his older brother's disappearance two years earlier. Now residing with his brother's wife, police detective Narumi Madoka, Ayumu is constantly preoccupied by the last words his brother spoke
 Ayumu Narumi's older brother Kiyotaka, a renowned detective and piano player, disappears all of a sudden. The only clue Narumi has, are the Blade Children. Two years later a row of murders and incidents begin, relating to the Blade Children. Together with school journalist, Hiyono Yuizaki, Narumi tries to figure out their destiny.
 Sometime during the late 19th century, a young Asian girl has made a place for herself in a seaside town as the owner and operator of the Tenkai restaurant and boarding house..Yet "Miss China," as the locals call her, is in the dumps. She's got a Mad Scientist named Breckenridge living upstairs who is chronically late with the rent, and she's pining for Jim, a handsome watchmaker's apprentice whom she mistakenly believes is pursuing the local flower girl.But this isn't our world. It is a world that has the Spirit of Wonder, where every so often, just occasionally mind you, amazing things happen. The Mad Scientist actually has come up with an incredible invention, and Jim has an unbelievable plan to use it to give Miss China the most beautiful ring in all the World.
 Spirited Away is a fantasy adventure with a ten year-old girl, which starts in everyday Japan but goes somewhere very different. For young Chihiro and her family, a mysterious tunnel and haunted town lead to the Land of Spirits, inhabited by gods and monsters and ruled by the greedy witch Yu-baba. Chihiro's parents are transformed into pigs; to rescue them, she must surrender her name and serve in this world. Luckily she finds friends and allies, including the handsome but mysterious boy Haku. Initially sulky and listless, Chihiro (or Sen, as she's now called) finds inner strengths and establishes an identity in this strange world. But can she win back her name and return home?
 Heir of an old famous family of exorcist, Keika You is stricken by poverty after losing his parents. He struggles as a street fortune teller and computer recovery part timer to earn money. One night in a junkyard, he meets the mysterious yet charismatic exorcist, Ki Tanmoku, fighting an evil spirit. This encounter is the beginning of a fated story for Keika You. Unfortunately for him, he was actually hit by a car and became a ghost. That was when the handsome exorcist Ki appeared and asked Keika to make a "pact" with him to fight evil spirits together. Here starts the friendship of our heroes!
 Heir of an old famous family of Exorcist, You Keika is stricken by poverty after losing his parents and he had to struggle as a street fortune teller and as a computer recovery part timer to earn money. One night in a junkyard, he met the mysterious yet charismatic Exorcist, Tanmoku Ki who was fighting an evil spirit. This encounter was the beginning of a fated story for You Keika. Unfortunately for him, he was hit by a car and became a ghost. That's where, the handsome exorcist Tanmoku Ki appeared and asked You Keika to make “a pact” with him to fight Evil Spirits together. Here starts the friendship of our heroes!
 In the past life, a bitch framed her, and the beloved came close to her just for money. Even grandfather and brother were murdered by them so that all her family wealth fell into the hands of others. This life, her husband comes from a rich and powerful family, indifferent, noble and unattainable. However, it happened that he falls for her and never changes his heart from that on.
 An older woman wears a small spoon around her neck but every now and then, she shrinks to the size of a mouse because of the spoon. She sees the world then from a completely different perspective and has all kind of strange adventures together with Wendy, the mouse and many others.
 An older women wears a small spoon around her neck but every now and then, she shrinks to the size of a mouse because of the spoon. She sees the world then from a completely different perspective and has all kind of strange adventures together with Wendy, the mouse and many others.
 Lately, shy Manami has been flirting outrageously and sparking vicious cat-fights! Afterwards, she remembers nothing. Can it be that another personality seethes beneath her own? A wild woman who’ll do anything to find trouble?
 Lately, shy Manami has been flirting outrageously and sparking vicious cat-fights! Afterwards, she remembers nothing. Can it be that another personality seethes beneath her own? A wild woman who’ll do anything to find trouble?
 For the agent known as "Twilight," no order is too tall if it is for the sake of peace. Operating as Westalis' master spy, Twilight works tirelessly to prevent extremists from sparking a war with neighboring country Ostania. For his latest mission, he must investigate Ostanian politician Donovan Desmond by infiltrating his son's school
 For the agent known as "Twilight," no order is too tall if it is for the sake of peace. Operating as Westalis' master spy, Twilight works tirelessly to prevent extremists from sparking a war with neighboring country Ostania. For his latest mission, he must investigate Ostanian politician Donovan Desmond by infiltrating his son's school
 The second part of Spy x Family.
 The second part of Spy x Family.
 Second season of Spy x Family.
 SSSS.DYNAZENON is an upcoming 2020 animated series that is scheduled to be the continuation from SSSS.Gridman
 SSSS.DYNAZENON is an upcoming 2020 animated series that is scheduled to be the continuation from SSSS.Gridman
 Yuta Hibiki awakens with amnesia and the ability see things that others cannot. He first encounters a Gridman in the reflection of his friend Rikka Takarada's computer and it tells him to "Remember his calling," but Yuta doesn't understand what this means. Later, in the distance, he sees an extremely large monster but it doesn't move. It's only when Yuta gets to school that the two sightings make sense
 An original anime title that was revealed by Studio Trigger at Anime Expo.
 Doraemon is a robotic cat that lives in the 22nd century, and is known as a caretaker who helps others with his futuristic gadgets. One day he is approached by Sewashi Nobi, the great-great-grandson of Nobi Nobita. Sewashi demands of Doraemon to go back to the past and make Nobita happy in order to prevent a disastrous and bleak future. Doraemon is not excited about this idea, but Sewashi installs a program into Doraemon and eventually sends him back to the past.Nobita Nobi is an elementary school boy who is very lazy, unlucky and a scaredy-cat. He gets bullied by everyone and does not excel in any school subject. When he meets Doraemon for the first time, the two of them start off on the wrong foot; however, they soon become great friends. Doraemon cannot go home to the 22nd century unless he turns Nobita into a boy who can stand on his own and be happy.
 After reminiscing about his late grandmother, Nobita Nobi wishes to see her again and asks Doraemon to return them to the past. Following the wholesome reunion of the two, Nobita's grandmother confesses that she hopes to meet his future bride. Nobita accepts her request out of filial love and quickly scrambles into the time machine as he and Doraemon journey forward in time.However, when the duo warps to Nobita's wedding day, they discover that the future Nobita is missing from the ceremony! Determined to set things right, Doraemon and Nobita embark on a mission to search for Nobita's future self and encourage him to discover the happiness he deserves.
 After reminiscing about his late grandmother, Nobita Nobi wishes to see her again and asks Doraemon to return them to the past. Following the wholesome reunion of the two, Nobita's grandmother confesses that she hopes to meet his future bride. Nobita accepts her request out of filial love and quickly scrambles into the time machine as he and Doraemon journey forward in time.However, when the duo warps to Nobita's wedding day, they discover that the future Nobita is missing from the ceremony! Determined to set things right, Doraemon and Nobita embark on a mission to search for Nobita's future self and encourage him to discover the happiness he deserves.
 The heroine is a new officer works under the Narcotics Control Department of the Ministry of Health, a.k.a Matori. Narcotic medicines don't work on her, and the story begins with her just entering the department and starting work with other officers.
 The heroine is a new officer works under the Narcotics Control Department of the Ministry of Health, a.k.a Matori. Narcotic medicines don't work on her, and the story begins with her just entering the department and starting work with other officers.
 The OVA will be based on the Narumi Seo character map story event that was featured in the smartphone game in April 2018. Seo, who has a unique memory disorder, will appear alongside other heroes of the Seo Research Laboratory in the OVA.
 The series, both the anime and novels, are notable for the fact that Morioka created for them an entire language, Baronh (and an accompanying alphabet, Ath), which the Abh speak, read, and write. Almost all written text in the anime is in Baronh, with occasional text in other (invented) languages; at least one planet is shown to have adopted Ath to write their own language (although this is not a plot point, and easily missed)
 In Southern Japan, there lies the verdant Minamijuuji Island. One night, a youth by the name of Tsunashi Takuto arrives on one of the island's beaches. This youth, who had swam to the island from the mainland, subsequently enters Minamijuuji Academy's High School Division.Possessing a positive and forward-looking attitude, he easily develops relationships with Agemaki Wako, Shindou Sugata, and various other people he meets at the Academy.However, Minamijuuji Academy hides a big secret. Beneath it, 20 humanoid constructs lie dormant.In this land that lies under a blue sky and surrounded by blue seas, a story of love, dreams and friendship begins.
 A rearrangement of the Star Driver
 A misguided sci-fi tale of ecological police keeping space free from pollution in 2061.
 Andross, an ape exiled from the Lylad Planetary System by General Pepper seeks revenge by attacking the planet Corneria and its innocence, kidnapping Pepper in the process. Meanwhile, it's another usual day for Team Star Fox, a gang of space mercenaries
 In an endless sea of stars, at the edge of the universe, a single fateful encounter is about to take place. For the gods have set forth on a quest to destroy the universe. And a deadly meteorite, which they hurled into the vastness of space, has collided with an unsuspecting planet, Expel - putting the wheels of fate into motion. Now, two people are about to cross paths, and their meeting will force them to endure both the gods and their devilish advisors
 Claude C. Kenni, a crewmember on the spaceship Calnus and son of the commander of the ship, is transported to Expel, a backwards planet with swords and magic. He teams up with Rena Lanford, who thinks he is the legendary Warrior of Light, and other characters to investigate the Sorcery Globe, a meteorite that has been causing problems all over the world.
 After the Republic's victory on Christophsis, Anakin and his new apprentice, Ahsoka Tano, must rescue the kidnapped son of Jabba the Hutt. Political intrigue complicates their mission.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists.
 An anthology series of animated short films celebrating Star Wars through the lens of the world's best anime creators.
 An anthology series of animated short films celebrating Star Wars through the lens of the world's best anime creators.
 It is earth's most desperate hour. It is a time for heroes. And it is the ultimate battle for freedom in this rocket-fueled animated spectacular!The Starbirds have invaded planet Earth. It seems our only hope lies with Kelly- a daring young starfighter who pilots an indestructible cyborg robot. But wait! A growing force of Starbird rebels are fighting to overthrow the oppressive rule of their King Oban. And together with Kelly, they join forces to rid the galaxy of King Oban's treacherous rein so that the Starbirds and the people of Earth may one day be free.
 Second season of the Starmyu television series.
 Third season of Starmyu.
 The heroine, Tsukiko, enrolled to a school that was recently changed from all-boys school to co-ed. Since the area where the school is conveniently rural and the rather exclusive curriculums the school has, up until now the heroine is the only one female who enrolled to the school.
 A series of shorts following the eccentric and hilarious daily lives of the Holostars VTubers!
 For the 73rd class of cadets of the Defense University of the small planet Kibi, a shakedown cruise on the fleet's new starship "Amaterasu" is a fitting lead-up to graduation. As they are returning to their home planet, however, they are shocked to hear news of a declaration of war by the aggressive Kingdom against Kibi. When their planetary government surrenders without a struggle, the cadets decide to launch their own war, aboard the "Amaterasu". To gain funding, they make a deal with a galactic news network - and find themselves the "stars" of their own "reality show". Unfortunately, this is the kind of reality show that can get you killed...
 For the 73rd class of cadets of the Defense University of the small planet Kibi, a shakedown cruise on the fleet's new starship "Amaterasu" is a fitting lead-up to graduation. As they are returning to their home planet, however, they are shocked to hear news of a declaration of war by the aggressive Kingdom against Kibi. When their planetary government surrenders without a struggle, the cadets decide to launch their own war, aboard the "Amaterasu". To gain funding, they make a deal with a galactic news network - and find themselves the "stars" of their own "reality show". Unfortunately, this is the kind of reality show that can get you killed...
 Johnny Rico is a high school student living in Buenos Aires, who doesn't know what to do with his future life. When his friend Carl and his love Carmen, whom he grew up with, join the Federal Military, he does too enlist in the hope to chase after his love into space. However, a war is brewing on the outer planets with a strange bug-like alien enemy and Johnny is thrust into conflict.
 A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now head of the Ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined...
 After the events of Invasion, Johnny Rico has been demoted to the rank of colonel and relocated to a Martian satellite to train a new batch of troopers. Unfortunately, these troopers are some of the worst low-performing Rico has ever trained as they're Martians and don't take the war seriously. Mars overall has low support for the war as they see their planet unaffected by the bug conflict and even suggested pulling out from the war. Because of their laid back attitude, the denizens of Mars wasn't ready when the bugs attacked. Unknown to everyone, Sky Marshall Amy Snapp executes her plans for power.


 Li Yan, who was terminally ill, entered the bizarre world of Yan Fu by chance, and became a strong man step by step by virtue of his hard work. In the process of walking through the worlds of Jammu, he also began to discover the real secrets of this world.
 Due to the operation error of black and white impermanence, the young rich man Liu Yun passed away early, but as a shocking figure in the market, Liu Yun did not give up, but took advantage of the black and white impermanence to negotiate with them and was reborn in ancient times. After rebirth, Liu Yun reunited a group of outstanding women who were oppressed at the same time from the state of bankruptcy and debts, and fought a series of classic interlocking business wars together, and finally counterattacked the process of becoming the world’s richest man. This is just the beginning. Knowing the existence of hell and the world of gods and gods, Liu Yun decided to make his business into the world of gods and gods, becoming a new generation of God of Wealth.
 Virgil was a simple 14-year-old trying to survive high school. His best friend is Richie, and he has a crush on a girl named Frieda. He also has a dispute with a bully named “F-Stop” and was saved by a gang leader named Wade. Recently Wade had begun helping Virgil in hopes to recruit him, but Virgil is hesitant after his mother was killed in gangfire. Wade eventually leads Virgil to a restricted area for a gangfight against F-Stop’s crew, which is interrupted by police helicopters, during the disputer between the gangs and police, a shot was fired releasing gas causing mutations among the people in the vicinity, (This event was later known as “The Big Bang”) causing Virgil to obtain the power to control static electricity and become known as “Static Shock”. But also gave others surrounding the area to obtain their own powers, unfortunately, it also led several of them to become super villians against what their typical senses would tell them to do. The people who were mutated were then known as “bang babies” and their mutations apparently spread to other people around them, such as how Richie obtained his power of advanced intelligence, and later became Virgil’s sidekick.
 Steam Detectives stars a youthful detective, Narutaki, and his quest to uphold justice in steam-punk-like metropolis of Steam City. Along with his partners, nurse Linlin and mecha-knight Goriki, Narutaki faces a bizarre quandary of villains, and unravels a never-ending string of mysteries.
 The scene is Steam City, a London-ish city which represents an entire civilization run by coal and steam power. Because of steam, the city is sometimes covered in a mist. Villains take advantage of the steamy mist to hide and execute their evil plans. Only a few dare venture into what's beyond the steamy mist. They are known as the Steam Detectives
 Steamboy is the most expensive animated film in Japanese history with a budget of some 2.4 billion yen (roughly $20 million). Steamboy is a retro science fiction film that has a very strong sense of design. Fall 2003 Release Date was pushed back until early 2004 due to Katsuhiro wanting the ending of the movie to be well done.Ray is a young inventor living in Great Britain in the middle of the 19th century. Shortly before the Great Exhibition, a marvelous invention called the "Steam Ball", behind which a menacing power is hidden, arrives at his door from his grandfather Lloyd in the United States. Meanwhile the nefarious Ohara Foundation has sent men to aquire the Steam Ball so that they can use its power towards their own illicit ends.
 Ray is a young wunderkind inventor living in Victorian England. His life is turned upside down when he receives a special package hailing from the United States, sent by his grandfather, Lloyd Steam. The package contains a device called a Steam Ball, a device so powerful that it can drive any machine that requires steam with a nearly limitless amount of energy.Ray is instructed to not let the Steam Ball fall into the wrong hands, which include the mighty O'Hara Foundation, who desperately want to bring the Steam Ball back into their control so they can achieve their less than noble goals.He will need to use every bit of his brilliance in order to dodge the countless goons that are sent to snatch the device from him. It will be a battle between good and evil, a battle for redemption, a battle for the future!
 Steel Angel is an android who has an Angel Heart created by powerful magic. In other words Steel Angel is a creature of both science and magic. Kurumi is the 1st Steel Angel, and she is awaken when Nakahito kisses her. Nakahito is the second child of "Onmyoudou Shuke" (a house of Japanese Yin and Yang spiritual leader). She has so much affection for him that she calls him "my master".She never follows any other orders but Nakahito's. Now, Nakahito, a boy with a gentle heart, and Kurumi, an android with an Angel Heart and invincible power, are the dynamic duo! Then the 2nd Steel Angel Saki, the 3rd Steel Angel Karinka and more characters join the story. Steel Angel Kurumi is the romantic action drama of cute girls full of laughter and heart-warming stories. The story takes place in the "Taisho Roman" period. Taisho is the Japanese historical period of about 90 years ago (similar to Sakura Taisen).
 During Japan's Taisho Era (1912-1926), a scientist named Ayanokoji developed the Steel Angel - an artificial humanoid with superhuman physical abilities. While the Imperial Army wanted to use the Steel Angel as a new means of modern warfare, Ayanokoji wanted his creation to be a new step in the future of mankind. Thus, he defied orders from the Army and secretly made the Steel Angel codenamed "Kurumi". Then one day, a young boy named Nakahito Kagura snuck into Ayanokoji's house as a dare by his friends and stumbled upon Kurumi's lifeless body. A sudden attack by the Imperial Army shook the house, causing Kurumi to fall on Nakahito. At that moment, their lips met, and Kurumi woke up from "the kiss that started a miracle".
 Taking place 75 years after the first series, Steel Angel Kurumi 2 brings the Steel Angels in a new mis-adventure. High school student and aspiring cellist Nako Kagura accidentally discovers and kisses Kurumi Mk. II at her home, thus making herself Kurumi's master.But things go awry as Nako's best friend Uruka gets jealous and tries anything - including her father's army of top-secret mecha - to destroy Kurumi and win back Nako. Things get more out of control when Saki Mk. II is awakened by Uruka, and Karinka Mk. II joins in to steal Nako away from Kurumi.
 Taking place 75 years after the first series, Steel Angel Kurumi 2 brings the Steel Angels in a new mis-adventure. High school student and aspiring cellist Nako Kagura accidentally discovers and kisses Kurumi Mk. II at her home, thus making her Kurumi's master. But things go awry as Nako's best friend Uruka gets jealous and tries anything - including her father's army of top-secret mecha - to destroy Kurumi and win back Nako. Things get more out of control when Saki Mk. II is awakened by Uruka, and Karinka Mk. II joins in to steal Nako away from Kurumi.
 Four additional short stories of the Steel Angels
 Sometime in the distant future, Kurumi, Saki and Karinka share an apartment with another girl named Excelia. One day, after school, Kurumi tells everyone that she is in love with a man she met named Michihito Kagura, but she doesn't know when she will see him again.
 The story of Steins;Gate takes place in Akihabara and is about a group of friends who have managed to customize their microwave into a device that can send text messages to the past. As they perform different experiments, an organization named SERN who has been doing their own research on time travel tracks them down and now the characters have to find a way to avoid being captured by them.
 The story of Steins;Gate takes place in Akihabara and is about a group of friends who have managed to customize their microwave into a device that can send text messages to the past. As they perform different experiments, an organization named SERN who has been doing their own research on time travel tracks them down and now the characters have to find a way to avoid being captured by them.
 The dark untold story of Steins;Gate that leads with the eccentric mad scientist Okabe, struggling to recover from a failed attempt at rescuing Kurisu. He decides to give up and abandons his lively scientist alter ego, in pursuit to forget the past. When all seems to be normal, he is seemingly pulled back into the past by meeting an acquaintance of Kurisu, who tells him that they have begun testing a device that stores the memory of a human and creates a simulation of them with their characteristics and personalities. Okabe begins testing and finds out that the simulation of Kurisu has brought back anguish and some new unexpected tragedies.Zero is a side story that explores events from the Beta Attractor Field's future that contribute in making the end of the original story possible.
 The dark untold story of Steins;Gate that leads with the eccentric mad scientist Okabe, struggling to recover from a failed attempt at rescuing Kurisu. He decides to give up and abandons his lively scientist alter ego, in pursuit to forget the past. When all seems to be normal, he is seemingly pulled back into the past by meeting an acquaintance of Kurisu, who tells him that they have begun testing a device that stores the memory of a human and creates a simulation of them with their characteristics and personalities. Okabe begins testing and finds out that the simulation of Kurisu has brought back anguish and some new unexpected tragedies.Zero is a side story that explores events from the Beta Attractor Field's future that contribute in making the end of the original story possible.
 Unaired episode included with the volume 6 BD/DVD release of Steins;Gate 0.
 After a year in America, Kurisu Makise returns to Akihabara and reunites with Rintarou Okabe. However, their reunion is cut short when Okabe begins to experience recurring flashes of other timelines as the consequences of his time traveling start to manifest. These side effects eventually culminate in Okabe suddenly vanishing from the world, and only the startled Kurisu has any memory of his existence.In the midst of despair, Kurisu is faced with a truly arduous choice that will test both her duty as a scientist and her loyalty as a friend
 Alternate 23rd episode of Steins;Gate, which leads into the story of Steins;Gate 0. It will be included with the Steins;Gate Complete Blu-ray Box.
 Alternate 23rd episode of Steins;Gate, which leads into the story of Steins;Gate 0. It was included with the Steins;Gate Complete Blu-ray Box.
 Alternate 23rd episode of Steins;Gate, which leads into the story of Steins;Gate 0. It was included with the Steins;Gate Complete Blu-ray Box.
 Short Anime of Steins;Gate and IBM Collaboration.
 2014
 Stella Jogakuin narrates the adventures of Yamato Yura, which was just entering the Institute Stella Academy for girls and Kashima Sonora invites to join a club called C3. Sonora is a third year student and the President of the Club's games called C3 based on the games of survival with Airsoft guns and BB guns. The other members of the Club include two daughters of second years called HatsuseKarila and Mutsu Honoka, and two other freshmen (Kirishima Rento, with families having a candy store and a very small girl Hinata Yachiyo) as Yura. Thus, we follow the lives of these students the day and amateurs of war games during their free time. What Yura ignores is that they are passionate about all compressed air weapons and survival games. The new recruit will then understand the meaning of the name of this club
 Tamaki Honda, a new high school student joins a doujin game development circle.
 Specials bundled with the third and fourth discs of the Stella no Mahou television series.
 In the new story, the alien creature Stitch is running off on the mad scientist Jumba's space scooter when he gets caught in a space storm and has to make an emergency landing at Izayoi Island, the southermost tip of Japan. There, he meets Yuuna, a spirited fourth-grade girl who happens to know karate. Yuuna tells Stitch about the Stone of Chitama, a mysterious object that can make any wish come true. However, he has to perform 43 good deeds to receive his wish.
 The second season of Stitch!, episode numbers continue from 27.
 In their new adventure, Yuuna and Stitch move from their small island Izayoi to the Okinawa main island where Yuuna is supposed to visit a school. A new cast of friends awaits them there as well as a new crisis approaching from space.
 An animated adaptation of the mobile game of the same name. Each episode is composed of two stories. The story is set in the future, after the destruction of machine civilization which leaves humans in a more primitive state. Dinosaurs, woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, etc. roam free, as their species were brought back to life and modified to be friendlier thanks to cloning fossil samples during the machine civilization era. Children can become Stone Leaders by having one of these creatures as a "pet" which they can do friendly battles with against others.
 A teenage boy has now moved in the home of his mother's friend, because she had died a while back. It just so happens that the Yakuza family has four beautiful daughters, but one daughter, Hibari, who is more beautiful then the rest of the daughters, is actually a boy. Hibari just can't keep his hands off our hero and so their crazy yet happy lives go on.
 The emperor destroys The Sword Worship Villa, Central China's top sword-maker, alleging that its people conspired to overthrow him. The young master of the villa, Ao Jue, is the sole survivor with a Jue sword, which can only be unleashed with the blood of the Fire Kirin. As the only two people in the world who have Kirin blood running in their veins, Wind and Cloud gets embroiled and a deadly calamity ensues.
 The story of the anime is set in the year Mobile Century 8013. It has been over seven millennia since humanity was wiped out on Earth, but the surviving military robots continue to wage war with no end in sight. The war has embroiled the Rebellion Federation that controls Europe and the Principality of Shin centered in Asia. Three young robots stand up to put an end to this futile war.
 In a world where magic and technology coexist, both sciences are used in the fields of medicine, warfare and research, but with differing results. Overuse of magic is forbidden as it causes mutations which transform the user into violent, uncontrollable and unstoppable monsters. Reiot Steighnberg is a lone wolf tactical sorcerer dedicated to destroying these demons. Armoured and plated in his metal mold, a straight jacket designed to keep him human, he walks a fine line between magic and madness as a rogue monster killer.
 It is the world where magic and science coexist. Rayotte Steinberg, a lone wolf "tactical sorcerist", fights against monsters. They used to be human beings, but they had overused forbidden power, "magic", to turn into monsters. What he wears is "mold", the straight jacket that keeps him being a human. What he holds on his hand is "staff", a magical wand that explodes everything. If he casts magic, he moves one step to be a monster. If he doesn't, he will be killed. Among the harsh battles, he will face a sin he had committed in the past.
 Yuko and Eri are two normal girls who are sucked into the alternate world filled with tiny people. The people of this mysterious world sees them as their "Great Protectors" who can protect their land in a time of strife. The two girls set out on a mission with a group of warriors from the village to find out how they were brought here and how might they return home. However, there is a war brewing and these two Great Protectors are the political tool that every faction lusts for to rally the people to their side.
 Yuko and Eri are two normal girls who are sucked into the alternate world filled with tiny people. The people of this mysterious world sees them as their "Great Protectors" who can protect their land in a time of strife. The two girls set out on a mission with a group of warriors from the village to find out how they were brought here and how might they return home. However, there is a war brewing and these two Great Protectors are the political tool that every faction lusts for to rally the people to their side.
 The show centres on the adventures and friendships of four Bishojo girls with a backdrop of a huge sky and the universe beyond. The year is 2xxx AD. Numerous comets have passed and detected in our solar system, and because of that, there are fears and unpredictable dangers that some of them may crashed upon the earth and will cause mass destruction on the planet.Therefore, as a part of Cosmic Crisis Management, mankind built a comet impact "cemetery" above earth's satellite orbit. This comet impact cemetery equipped with Space Shock Machines that will eliminate those comets before they can reach the earth. Those space shock machines are flown by female pilots, who also known as the Storm Troops, and are armed with special missiles to destroy incoming comets into small pieces. Those girls are soon to be known as Comet Blasters and are very popular among people on earth.On earth, in various places, many comet impact cemeteries were also made as second line of defence, so that in the event of large comet fragments passed the Comet Blasters, it can be destroyed by the Meteor Sweeper who fired special missiles from earth. At the same time, these comet impact cemeteries on earth provide training grounds where young pilots are trained to gain qualification as future Comet Blasters.
 The Earth has developed a defense system against large meteorites that are on a collision course with it. This protection system is made up of the Comet Blasters based in several space stations as the 1st line of defense, using nuclear warheads launched by spaceships. The 2nd line of defense consists of the Meteor Sweepers launching from ground airbases using hypersonic planes with special missiles to deal with the resulting debris from the blasts. Mikaze is a troubled girl that is a trainee pilot for a Meteor Sweeper team that dreams of becoming a prestigious Comet Blaster pilot. Stratos 4 revolves around Mikaze's and her teammates' challenges to become real pilots, while the Earth faces the threats that come from space.
 The plot continues and while three new recruits come to the base for training, the whole team comes back to join the fun and defend the planet from outside or maybe inside enemies.
 A crisis is approaching, and meanwhile, the higher-ups are plotting behind everybody's backs. Plans of a massive comet interception mission involving both Comet Blasters and Meteor Sweepers' MiG-31MS and TSR-2MS are being prepared. But will the plan succeed? Is it tears of sorrow or laughter and joy that await the team of four beauties from Shimojijima Base?
 After successfully returning to Earth on the renovated Stratos 4, the four main characters are visited by the Comet Blasters Chizuru Kubo and Annette Kerry, who bring them a shocking video. Meanwhile, Orbital Station 7 is in serious trouble...This two-episode OVA comes between the first and second seasons.
 Ichigo Mashimaro follows the life of Itou Nobue, her younger sister Chika, and her friends. The basic premise of the show can be summed up with "cute girls do cute things in cute ways", be it trying to quit smoking, going outside to play, celebrating a holiday, or doing school work.
 Aoi Nagisa is a first year high school student who has been sent to the Astraea Dormitory after her parents are transfered abroad. The dormitory houses girls from three different girls schools
 Ryu, the current Street Fighter champion, must overcome the power of the "Dark Hadou" which consumed Akuma, the brother of his sensei, Gouken. Plus, he deals with the unexpected arrival of Shun, a young boy who proclaims to be his long-lost brother.
 When Ryu returns to pay homage to his deceased mentor, Gouken, he is tormented by disturbing memories of his master's killer. In a quest to become a true martial arts master, Ryu sets out to hone his street fighting skills and to deliver himself from the haunting legacy of the Dark Hadou. But the ultimate test of his new power can only be accomplished through one last fateful confrontation with his arch-nemesis, Gouki (Akuma).
 When Ryu returns to pay homage to his deceased mentor, Gouken, he is tormented by disturbing memories of his master's killer. In a quest to become a true martial arts master, Ryu sets out to hone his street fighting skills and to deliver himself from the haunting legacy of the Dark Hadou. But the ultimate test of his new power can only be accomplished through one last fateful confrontation with his arch-nemesis, Gouki (Akuma).
 A black cloud hangs over Ken and Ryuu's reunion. Brought together by the mysterious death of their master, the two warriors must overcome a challenge unlike any they've faced before.Increasingly disturbed by the dark energies building within him, Ryuu is unexpectedly confronted with the appearance of Shun - a boy claiming to be the long-lost brother he never knew. Soon, signs of their common lineage are revealed as Shun enters a martial arts competition and manifests the same fearsome Dark Hadou. But before Ryuu has the chance to consider whether Shun's timely appearance might be more than coincidental, agents of the insidious Shadowlaw organization kidnap the boy.To recover the child, Ryuu must undertake the ultimate journey of self-discovery and learn to control the power threatening to consume him. But with this confidence waning, will he have what it takes to confront Akuma - the vicious lord of the Dark Hadou himself?Find out as allies old and new join forces against a sinister new threat in the pulse-pounding sequel to the phenomenally popular Street Fighter II series.
 Ryuu and Ken Masters are close friends and both are martial artists. In order to become better fighters and learn new techniques, they travel the world and are exposed to many different fighting styles, as well as meeting new people. During their journey, they find themselves caught up in a conspiracy perpetrated by a mysterious organization called Shadowlaw, both now face their ultimate challenge and must fight for their lives as they combat the evil Mike Bison.
 Ryu and Ken Masters are close friends and both are martial artists. In order to become better fighters and learn new techniques, they travel the world and are exposed to many different fighting styles, as well as meeting new people. During their journey, they find themselves caught up in a conspiracy perpetrated by a mysterious organisation called Shadowlaw, both now face their ultimate challenge and must fight for their lives as they combat the evil M. Bison.
 An evil crime syndicate known as Shadow Law is trying to gather the greatest street fighters in the world in order to to ensure the security of their presidential candidate who may win the next American election. The leader of Shadow Law is none other than the powerful Mr. Bison. Through psychic manipulation, he is able to force people to do his bidding. Little does street fighter Ryuu know that Bison is after him, because of his extraordinary fighting abilities. Meanwhile Interpol and the American Military are trying to devise a plan to destroy Shadow Law.
 Get your quarters ready, because the world's top fighters are about to go head to head in this explosive animated adaptation of the classic Street Fighter II arcade game! M. Bison's plan to crush those who would oppose his organization, Shadowloo, is simple
 A series of four animated prequels to Street Fighter IV, each centered on a different character. They depict events set after Street Fighter II.
 Sets up the story of Street Figter IV by explaining events post Street Fighter II.
 Fifth season of Strike the Blood.
 Strike the Blood new OVAs
 It was announced at a Dengeki Game Festival stage event that the Strike the Blood light novel series will get a third OVA release. It will cover until the end of Seisen-hen.
 Fourth season of Strike the Blood.

 It was officially announced at the Dengeki Game Festival 2015 event that Strike the Blood will be getting a two-episode OVA series to be released at the end of 2015. The OVA will be an original story written by Gakuto Mikumo.
 It was the year 1939 when the Neuroi appeared. Nobody knows where they came from or what their ultimate agenda is, but the fact remains that their attacks drove people out of their towns and cities.In order to take arms against them, humanity develops a new anti-Neuroi weapon called the Striker Unit. Using the power of magic to fight against the monsters, this new device enhances and amplifies the power of female magic-wielders. To use this device, young witches from all over the world have been brought together to form an elite task force unit called the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the Strike Witches.
 Strike Witches is set in an alternate version of 1944, where the events of World War II are very different than what we know to be true. Alien invaders known as the Neuroi came to Earth in 1939. This is not the first appearance of the Neuroi as they have appeared at seemingly random intervals throughout human history. While the Neuroi primarily attack humanity using aircrafts, their mothership is able to produce a deadly miasma, a chemical that is fatally poisonous to humans, forcing the populations of affected areas to flee their homes. The Neuroi then use the poisoned areas to plunder Earth's natural resources to use against humanity. Luckily the miasma cannot spread across water, making the ocean humanity's main line of defense against the Neuroi.With normal humans unable to fight in the miasma, witches have become the forefront of military defense against the Neuroi. Each witch is able to deploy a defensive field around themselves that not only blocks the miasma but protects them from physical attacks as well. Utilizing leg mounted machines called Striker Units to fly into combat, the witches use their magical abilities to wield devastating weapons too large and ungainly for a normal person. The series follows the battles fought by the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, who battle on the front lines to defend the British Isles from the Neuroi. Will humanity be able to take back Earth and bring peace to their home? Find out in Strike Witches!
 After discovering that Neuroi are capable of communication with humans and making peace with the nest above Gallia, the Witches squads are now on a mission to reestablish communication when the Neuroi completely vanish after a sudden attack. It is then that they discover a new massive nest that just appeared covering almost all of Europe. Ruthless and without mercy it annihilates allied forces along with many Witches.Word of the attack reaches Fuso and a support battalion is deployed to rescue the survivors, among the rescue team is the former Striker captain Sakamoto Mio and the now civilian Miyafuji Yoshika who wants to save her dear friends.
 After discovering that Neuroi are capable of communication with humans and making peace with the nest above Gallia the Witches squads are now on a mission to re-establish communication when a sudden attack vanishes the Neuroi; they now discover a new and massive nest that just appeared covering almost all Europe. Ruthless and without mercy it annihilates allied forces along with Witches. Word of the attack reaches Fuso and a support battalion is deployed to rescue the survivors. Among the rescue team is the former Striker captain Mio Sakamoto and the now civilian Yoshika Miyafuji who want to save their dear friends.
 After fending off the threat of a Neuroi invasion of Romagna and destroying the enemy's nest over Venezia, Yoshika Miyafuji goes back to her home town in the Empire of Fusou. Despite the loss of her magical and healing abilities, the former officer of the 501st Joint Fighter Wing wants to continue studying medicine. This is in order to help those in need, both civilians and those on the front lines alike. She receives an invitation from a prestigious school in Europe and decides to accept the offer, embarking on a journey back to the war-torn continent.However, a new danger arises, as more and more Neuroi manage to break through human defense lines, appearing unnoticed in supposedly safe areas and disturbing the balance of power in Europe. Yoshiki's sense of duty collides with her inability to pilot a Striker Unit, but with her friends in peril, it seems that there is only one thing she can do.
 Since ancient times, humanity has been in conflict against an otherworldly enemy called "Neuroi". At the forefront of this war are teenage girls who can use magic, called "Witches", whose powers are enhanced via the use of equipment called "Striker Units".The year is now 1945, and the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the Strike Witches, have just successfully defended Gallia and Romagna from Neuroi depredations. With their immediate duty complete, the 501st is disbanded, and its member witches return to their respective countries.One of these witches is Miyafuji Yoshika who had lost her magic powers in the battle for Romagna. Still determined to do what she can to help others, she returns to her homeland of Fusou and studies medicine.During this time, she is visited by Fusou Naval Cadet Hattori Shizuka who offers Yoshika the opportunity to study in Europe. Yoshika readily agrees and, together with Shizuka, departs for Europe from Yokosuka.However, unknown to her, the Neuroi are once again on the move...
 Yoshika Miyafuji joins the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, a defense unit specializing in taking down alien beings known as the Neuroi. However, in days of no invasion, she and the members of the unit are taking down day to day tasks like cooking and laundry.
 Yoshika Miyafuji joins the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, a defense unit specializing in taking down alien beings known as the Neuroi. However, in days of no invasion, she and the members of the unit are taking down day to day tasks like cooking and laundry.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes.
 A new Strike Witches anime was announced as a part of the franchise's 10th anniversary.
 When Ye Mo suddenly woke up, he realized that everything around him seemed to have changed
 Neku Sakuraba, a 15-year-old boy with a hobby for music and graffiti, wakes up in what seems to be the Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo, Japan. With no idea why he's there, he opens his hand to realize he is holding a strange black pin. After flipping it with his hand, the thoughts of the people surrounding him begins to flow into his head at once. Surprised, Neku discovers he is able to read the minds of others and assumes it has something to do with the black pin he is holding.A cell phone starts to ring in his pocket, and he can't tell whether it is his or not. A text message appears
 Neku Sakuraba, a 15-year-old boy with a hobby for music and graffiti, wakes up in what seems to be the Shibuya shopping district of Tokyo, Japan. With no idea why he's there, he opens his hand to realize he is holding a strange black pin. After flipping it with his hand, the thoughts of the people surrounding him begins to flow into his head at once. Surprised, Neku discovers he is able to read the minds of others and assumes it has something to do with the black pin he is holding.A cell phone starts to ring in his pocket, and he can't tell whether it is his or not. A text message appears
 The story of the original novel revolves around Souhei Saikawa, a member of the Saikawa Research Lab. On a vacation held for the lab, he meets Moe Nishinosono, the daughter of his mentor, who joins the group on their vacation despite not being a part of the lab. After meeting each other, the two end up finding a corpse. The two work together to solve the mysteries of what becomes a serial murder case.
 Random cutesy edutainment tales aimed at small children, featuring animated speaking plushy toys.
 Sequel to Sugar Bunnies.
 2008
 Sequel to Sugar Bunnies Chocolate!
 2009
 Three episodes aired on TV as part of the Ribon x Oha Suta specials.Makoto is determined to step out of her model sister's shadow and have her own high school debut, but when Makoto's sister shows up at her school unexpectedly, things go awry.Read more at http
 Chocolat and Vanilla are little witches. They are good friends as well as rivals for the next queen candidate. To decide who is eligible for the next queen, they came to human world. They compete with each other by collecting hearts of men. Which of the two will become the queen?
 n the year 1882, Sanshirou comes to Tokyo seeking for a worthy martial arts teacher. There, he meets Yano - a judo master who single-handedly defeats 39 jujitsu practitioners. Extremely impressed by his skill, Sanshirou decides to become his disciple. Later, Sanshirou falls for Sayo Murai - a girl whose father is a martial arts instructor at the local police department; and he also has to face Higaki Gennosuke, a skilled jujitsu fighter and his greatest rival.Based on a novel by Tsuneo Tomita, which was adapted into a 1943 movie by young Akira Kurosawa.
 A girl named Kim chases a group of thieves called the Black Hammer Gang. Until one day the Black Hammer gang and Kim fall on an island inhabited by fairies and it's guardian Michel. The Black Hammer Gang tries to steal the life source of the island called the tree of life. Causing damage to the land and kidnapping the fairies, Michel and Kim have to combat the Black Hammer gang and take back the fairies.
 A girl named Kim chases a group of thieves called the Black Hammer Gang. Until one day the Black Hammer gang and Kim fall on an island inhabited by fairies and it's guardian Michel. The Black Hammer Gang tries to steal the life source of the island called the tree of life. Causing damage to the land and kidnapping the fairies, Michel and Kim have to combat the Black Hammer gang and take back the fairies.
 The story begins in the distant future in the far reaches of the galaxy. The Human Galactic Alliance has been constantly fighting for its survival against a grotesque race of beings called Hideous. During an intense battle, the young lieutenant Red and his humanoid mobile weapon Chamber are swallowed up into a distortion of time and space.Waking from his artificially induced hybernation, Red realises that he has arrived on Earth, the planet on the lost frontier. On this planet that was completely flooded by the seas, people live in fleets of giant ships, salvaging relics from the seas' depths in order to survive.Red arrives on one of the fleets called Gargantia. With no knowledge of the planet's history or culture, he is forced to live alongside Amy, a 15-year-old girl who serves as a messenger aboard the Gargantia fleet. To Red, who has lived a life where he knows nothing but fighting, these days of peace continue to surprise him.
 Episodes 14 and 15, released with the first and third BD/DVD volumes.
 An announcement made at AnimeJapan 2014 revealed that a new 2-episode OVA for Suisei no Gargantia will be released with the first episode coming Fall 2014. The screening event for the first OVA was announced as well. More information on the OVA will be given at a later time.
 Something/someone is there. This fact seeks a cornerstone of the reality of a personal experience. For this reason each individual's reality has a disparity that seems like it has been pre-programmed.
 The town of Kanemachi overflows with music. There lives Houjou Hibiki and Minamino Kanade, two childhood friends who have been together ever since they were very young. However, when they became middle-schoolers, for some reason they would argue with each other every time they meet.One day, a fairy called Hami from Majorland, the Country of Music, appears before them. Hami requests of Hibiki and Kanade that they transform into Precure to protect the world from Mephisto, King of Evil. There is a legendary score, within which is written the "Melody of Fortune" and Mephisto plots to rewrite it into the "Melody of Misfortune".Although Hibiki and Kanade are usually unable to see eye to eye on anything, in this matter their hearts are one, and a new Precure legend is born!
 After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response.Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story.While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy.
 Having spent time at a juvenile corrections facility, teenage delinquent Saki Asamiya is given a chance to redeem herself and delay her mother's possible death sentence by working as an undercover cop. Armed with nothing but a special yo-yo, Saki's assignment is to return to her high school and investigate on the corruption and mysterious deaths among the students. But in order to find the answers to the condition of her school, she must confront the wealthy and powerful Mizuchi sisters, who moved in and have taken control after her previous expulsion.
 Having spent time at a juvenile corrections facility, teenage delinquent Saki Asamiya is given a chance to redeem herself and delay her mother's possible death sentence by working as an undercover cop. Armed with nothing but a special yo-yo, Saki's assignment is to return to her high school and investigate on the corruption and mysterious deaths among the students. But in order to find the answers to the condition of her school, she must confront the wealthy and powerful Mizuchi sisters, who moved in and have taken control after her previous expulsion.
 As the deskmate of Ai Mie, Kaede Komura always has his attention fixed on her. Attracted by her cute charms, all he wishes for is that she would look at him with those beautiful eyes beneath her glasses. But just a few days after making her acquaintance, Kaede notices something different about Ai
 Kokuhaku Jikkou Iinkai
 Hashiba Sora has been in hospital since he fell from the school building. When he comes back to the boarding house, his childhood friend Fujimori Sunao transfers to the school. By the good office of Honjo Matsuri, who is the leader of the boarding house and their childhood friend, Sora and Sunao are assigned the same room. However, because Sora doesn't remember Sunao, Sunao gets angry. Then, Matsuri tells him that Sora has lost his memory
 Hashiba Sora has been in hospital since he fell from the school building. When he comes back to the boarding house, his childhood friend Fujimori Sunao transfers to the school. By the good office of Honjo Matsuri, who is the leader of the boarding house and their childhood friend, Sora and Sunao are assigned the same room. However, because Sora doesn't remember Sunao, Sunao gets angry. Then, Matsuri tells him that Sora has lost his memory
 Tachibana Mei is a quiet and unassuming girl, who has had no boyfriend and couldn't even make friends in 16 years. One day she accidentally injures Kurosawa Yamato, the most popular boy in school, and for some reason Yamato takes interest in her. He one-sidedly declares her his friend and it is through this tentative relationship, that Mei ultimately begins to understand the values of friendship and starts to befriend other people.
  Was bundled with the limited edition of the 11th manga volume.
 Tachibana Mei is a quiet and unassuming girl, who has had no boyfriend and couldn't even make friends in 16 years. One day she accidentally injures Kurosawa Yamato, the most popular boy in school, and for some reason Yamato takes interest in her. He one-sidedly declares her his friend and it is through this tentative relationship, that Mei ultimately begins to understand the values of friendship and starts to befriend other people.
 The Galaxy Federation Police (GFP) desperately wants to cover-up its personnel shortage with new mechanized power-suits. Suzuo, 19-years old, desperately needs a job. Tampopo needs an earthling to fit the prototype of her company's suit and declares Suzuo the perfect candidate! Strong competitors and the wacky A-class criminals fight against our hero in diapers, but they must not recognize each other out of costume or the test results will be a failure- but it's OK if they all live in the same apartment building to save money, right?
 Sumikko Gurashi debuted in 2012 as slightly negative characters who like to stay in the corner of a room. The characters include "Shirokuma," a polar bear who is sensitive to cold; "Penguin?" (with a question mark in its name), a penguin who is unsure if it is actually a penguin; "Tonkatsu," a piece of pork cutlet that was left uneaten; "Neko," a shy cat; and "Tokage," who hides his nature as one of the last dinosaurs.The franchise has inspired toys, books, stationery material, video games--and now a feature film.
 Have you heard of Summer Ghosts?" Tomoya, Aoi, and Ryo are high school students who met through the Internet. The urban legend of the Summer Ghost is that it is a ghost of a young woman who appears when fireworks are lit. Tomoya is unable to step out into the life he wants. Aoi is unable to find her place in the world. Ryo's bright future is suddenly closed to him. Each of them has their own reasons for meeting the Summer Ghost. On a summer night when life and death intersect, where will each of their thoughts go to?
 Takumi Kaizu is a boy that doesn’t have any particular interest in girls. During a school trip, his friend Osamu asks him whether or not he has a girl that he likes. From that point on, Takumi slowly becomes interested in the opposite sex, through the girls that he is accquainted with in his daily life. As the last summer of his high school life begins, Takumi begins to search for the one girl that he can call his girlfriend, while watching Osamu’s desperate and relentless search for a girlfriend as well.
 Summer Pockets is set on an isolated, rural, and peaceful island on the Seto Inland Sea called Torishirojima, which has a population of about 2,000 people. The protagonist, Hairi Takahara, grew up in an urban setting, but after an unpleasant incident, he uses the recent death of his grandmother as an excuse to come to the island to take care of her estate sale.Once there, he gets to know four girls, who are the focus of the story
 Koiso Kenji, a eleventh-grade math genius who works in the summer as a part-time computer technician for the Virtual World of Oz, is invited by Shinohara Natsuki, the most popular girl at his high school to her expansive family's home for a summer job. In the middle of their trip, a hacker infiltrates the network and takes control of Oz, plunging humanity into absolute chaos.
 Momoko Kuzuryuu is a martial-arts crazed teenage girl who has grown up in the mountains with her father, a legendary fighter. However, one day her father tells her that because she is a girl, she will never be able to master the family’s ultimate technique. The only thing for her to do is go marry the strongest warrior, and produce the strongest offspring. Her unlikely fiance is the handsome but weak Koushi Inuzuka, the son of her father’s best friend and rival.Their marriage was agreed upon by their fathers before they were born. However, Koushi has no interest in martial arts; in fact, he is a coward who freezes whenever he sees violence. Instead, he wants to become a prosecutor, so that no criminal can escape capital punishment. Despite Koushi’s adamant refusal to marry her and his subsequent displays of cowardice, Momoko falls in love with him and swears to remain in his house and train with his father in order to become the strongest fiancee ever.
 Mariko Rosebank leads a team of all-female anti-terrorist mercenaries, named C.A.T. This all-woman team is sent to guard a meeting of world leaders against a terrorist attack.
 Shiina Aki is constantly being treated like a girl due to his feminine looks so he decides to move to Tokyo to attend middle school in an attempt to change himself.However, what awaits him in his new home, Sunohara-sou, is the kind-hearted caretaker, Sunohara Ayaka. Along with the three female members of Aki's new middle school's student council, Yukimoto Yuzu, Yamanashi Sumire, and Kazami Yuri.And so begins Aki's new life in Tokyo living with four girls.
 Shiina Aki is constantly being treated like a girl due to his feminine looks so he decides to move to Tokyo to attend middle school in an attempt to change himself.However what awaits him in his new home, Sunohara-sou, is the kind-hearted caretaker, Sunohara Ayaka. Along with the three female members of Aki's new middle school's student council, Yukimoto Yuzu, Yamanashi Sumire & Kazami Yuri.
 Collaboration commercials with Suntory and Kimi no Na wa..The "Mitsuha no Omoi" (Mitsuha's Thoughts) commercial shows the character Mitsuha Miyamizu drinking SUNTORY Minami Alps Tennensui Yogurina, which is yogurt-flavored mineral water.The "Taki no Omoi" (Taki's Thoughts) commercial shows the character Taki Tachibana drinking SUNTORY Minami Alps Ten'nensui, which is mineral water. The "Kasanaru Omoi" (Overlap Thoughts) commercial shows both Taki and Mitsuha combining their thoughts through mixed dialogue with some alternative footage and a new song.
 Ye Xingge, the heroine, is an intern of Rinshan entertainment. She has not yet officially started her career, but has been vilified by scandal, dismissed by the company and doubted by her boyfriend. And the last thing you expect is to wake up with a five-year-old son? Are you kidding me, kid? WHO's your mommy? And WHO's your father?
 One last heist. That's what they all say, right? Just one final score, and everyone can retire and take up fishing. Thing is, the jails are filled with super villains who thought the same thing, and got busted. But the Heat's in a jam. He's run up the kind of gambling debt that - if he can't pay it back in cash - will be paid in blood. Nobody wants to see the most beloved supercrook of all time rubbed out by the mob - especially his biggest fan, Johnny Bolt. And Johnny's got a plan to help the Heat and make all his buddies disgustingly rich at the same time. Unfortunately for Johnny's recruits, they have to head to Spain and rob the world's most notorious super villain blind. And that's where things get tricky.
 One last heist. That's what they all say, right? Just one final score, and everyone can retire and take up fishing. Thing is, the jails are filled with super villains who thought the same thing, and got busted. But the Heat's in a jam. He's run up the kind of gambling debt that - if he can't pay it back in cash - will be paid in blood. Nobody wants to see the most beloved supercrook of all time rubbed out by the mob - especially his biggest fan, Johnny Bolt. And Johnny's got a plan to help the Heat and make all his buddies disgustingly rich at the same time. Unfortunately for Johnny's recruits, they have to head to Spain and rob the world's most notorious super villain blind. And that's where things get tricky.
 Second year high school student Koguma doesn't lead a very interesting life. She has no parents, and no friends nor hobbies to keep her daily life busy. One day, she acquires a second-hand Honda Super Cub motorcycle and rides it to school. As time goes by, not only does Koguma have a new adventurous life, but she also forges precious friendships thanks to her precious little motorcycle.
 An ordinary boy won the affection from his goddess, and thus pissed off a gang leader. He got a mysterious cube accidentally and started his venture with superpowers. Helping people and punishing evils, he’s getting more and more powerful!
 Nagito Komaeda wakes up after experiencing death in the Neo World Program. What kind of world he is seeing and why did he wake up?Nagito appears to be in a strange world, including students who have been seen before as well as people who never existed. He is an ordinary boy with no Ultimate Luck, attending an ordinary school. Constrained by being the protagonist, he thinks that having a big talent would interrupt his happiness. He believes that living an ordinary life, being moderately happy, while watching his classmates have a normal youth is what's wonderful.However, one day, a boy calling himself "The Destroyer of the World" appears, having the form of red-eyed Hajime Hinata. He begins the destruction of Nagito's world...(Source
 Licca is in grave danger once she finds out that she is the princess of the Doll Kingdom. Now, the evil Dr. Scarecrow is after her and her throne. So Licca's grandmother gives her a set of dolls. When needed, the dolls will transform into larger versions known as the Doll Knights. Together, they will protect Licca.

 2nd arc of Super Dragon Ball Heroes Promotion Anime.
 Musashi lives with his father. His mother left them three years ago. Musashi believes she will come back to them. One day they move from Tokyo to a village in the countryside. Musashi hates living in the countryside and asks his father to take him back to Tokyo. He wonders if his mother will be able to find him in their new home.Soon after moving to the countryside, Musashi happens to see a man fishing for bass with a decoy fish. Musashi is fascinated by lure fishing. He learns a lot from the man, and discovers that his mother's father was a grand champion of bass fishing. Musashi feels that fishing could lead him to his missing mother. He shows a marvelous talent for lure fishing and takes trips to many places around the world in search of various incredible fish. Through fishing, Musashi comes to enjoy living amongst nature.
 Ran Kotobuki is well-known as the #1 gal in Shibuya, and she lives to shop, eat, and have as much fun as possible. But she’s not all faux nails and para para; in the midst of all of her goofing off, she protects Shibuya from all manner of undesirable people, and she often devotes herself to helping both friends and strangers out of trouble, big and small. Of course, she’d rather be eating free food and scoring good deals on clothes, but getting someone out of a big pinch can be just as fun for her.Because of this, she’s widely respected by the denizens of Shibuya, and although she may look (and even act) a bit shallow, she’s got a big heart and a sense of justice that could put her Police Chief father to shame. But she’s not interested in that line of work, much to her family’s dismay. All she wants is to hang out with her best friends Miyu and Aya, and continue spending her days as Shibuya’s #1 gal.
 Sporting designer clothes, make-up, and nails, Ran Kotobuki is the very picture of a trendy, young Shibuya girl, but don't let that fool you. This girl comes from a family of cops, and she’s ready to lay you out flat if you even think about causing trouble in her town! At least, she will... when she’s not distracted with karaoke, shopping, and dodging her homework. Join Ran and her friends as they defend the streets of Shibuya and attempt to shop their way into the history books as the most famous Gals ever!
 While spending summer with his mother, Haru meets Ren, a boy newly adopted by his mother. Getting along with Ren isn't easy as Haru's goal is to "civilize" him by the time summer ends. Their relationship slowly improves as Haru spends more time with Ren and in return Ren steadily warms up to him. Can they really become a "family" at the end of summer!?
 Second season of Super Lovers.
 A group of young space cadets use a technologically advanced mecha to combat an evil extraterrestrial race that is trying to take over the galaxy.
 In the film, Mario and Luigi are the owners of a grocery store. One night, Mario was engrossed in his Famicom game. Suddenly, the picture goes out and Princess Peach appears on the TV screen crying for help from the enemies attacking her and jumps out of the TV. Mario falls in love with her and vows to protect her. Soon after, Koopa appears on the TV screen and starts to come out of the TV. He grabs Princess Peach and takes her into the TV. Mario then discovers a small brooch that Peach left on the floor.The next day, the brooch that Peach dropped becomes a matter of concern for Mario. Luigi immediately notices the brooch and regards it as the "Visionary Jewel from the Country of Treasure". Soon, Kibidango, a small dog-like being, wanders into the store and notices that Mario has Peach's brooch. He takes it away from Mario, enraging him, thus beginning his (and Luigi's) chase with Kibidango into the Mushroom Kingdom.
 Super Mario World
 Milk-chan is a girl who lives in a house stuck on the side of a building with her two sidekicks
 Milk-chan is a girl who lives in a house stuck on the side of a building with her two sidekicks

 I was a big boss. After I was reborn, I became a poor person. In order to change my fate, I traveled through space and time, trying to change the fate of tragedy, but in the process of changing my fate, I was always kissed by him in the bathtub, on the bed and in the wilderness! After a few times, I fell into deep thought. Was the answer to the mystery? Changing fate meant kissing?

 Dr. Jurgen of DC developed a global defense system to combat potential alien threats. This system has two elements. First is the VTX-001 Vartoul unmanned anti alien PT. Governing these drones is the ODE worldwide network system. However, this system has a noteworthy secret. A living human is needed to control the ODE core. Furthermore, the ODE core needs human organs to support itself. At the present day, the drone have gone on a mass abduction spree. Kyosuke and co has been sent in to take care of the problem.
 Robot bugs suddenly attack Tokyo and robot gamer Ryusei is given a real, mechanical robot trooper to see whether he is a qualified fighter in a war which he has just now become a part of. Amazingly the controls to the personal trooper are just as in the game.
 Six months after the conclusion of the L5 Campaign and the DC War, the crews of the PT carriers, Hagane and Hiryuu Custom have gone their separate ways. They are not far apart for long, however, as the remnants of the DC soon begin to push against the Federation Forces with newly acquired resources. A mysterious organization, the Shadow Mirror, has begun to arm them with weapons and robots that should not exist. Compounding matters, inter-dimensional entities known as Einsts begin to appear around the World and seem to share a psychic connection with ATX pilots, Kyosuke Nanbu and Excellen Browning.Even worse, aliens calling themselves, The Inspectors, have arrived from outer space with plans to retake the White Star and finish the job the Aerogators could not. As this new, four sided war begins, Lamia Loveless, a Shadow Mirror operative sent to spy on the Federation Forces must choose between her orders and her new found friends among the Hagane and Hiryuu crews.
 Two neighboring childhood friends. An airheaded girl and the boy who takes care of her like a mother hen. And of course, there is his family background with a tiny, insignificant supernatural secret. Now that her parents have left the girl in their neighbor's care, will she ever discover her friend's secret?
 The manga follows the story of two pairs of brothers and their stories of love and misunderstanding. The stories are told with a light tone of comedy and show typical situations of humor. Shinmoto Chiko and Chika should always be in love and harmony, while Saitou Mako and Mao always face everything with their extravagant ways. They are friends.

 Spin-off series of Crayon Shin-chan franchise, featuring Shiro. Commemorates 60th Anniversary of TV Asahi.
 series featuring Super Sonico, the mascot girl of Nitroplus.
 A group of kids try to save the galaxy with their giant robot.
 Shunichi Domoto is a talented, sportive 5th grade boy who is used to help sport teams in his school. He enters a Yoyo duel against a bully boy called Benkei to help his friend, Beso, to get back his Yoyo which was stolen by the bully. He beat him, but after that, he meets the exceptionally gifted Yoyoer, Seito Hojoin, who beat him while he ridiculed the Yoyo game. So, Shunichi enters Japan's Yoyo championship to get his revenge from his loss with Seito. Throughout this Championship, he learns new Yoyoing Skills and meets powerful rivals.
 A story about mahjong.
 The series beings at the home of a young boy named Sho Azuka discovers the magical Bible "Superbook" that speaks and sends him, his friend Azusa Yamato, and his toy robot Zenmaijikake back in time to the early events of the Old Testament.
 The book fell onto a computer keyboard, giving anybody the ability to see into the past from Sho's home via the monitor. Ruffles, Chris' dog, managed to get lost in time, prompting Zenmaijikake and Sho's cousin Hisashi to search for her. Sho and Azusa kept watch and control of the computer from the present. The older children also had a hard time trying to keep what happened a secret from Sho's parents.
 Murakami made this movie in cooperation with Louis Vuitton, the handbag producer. It is more a commercial for Louis Vuitton than it is an anime movie, however the animation is quite special.
 The last son of the planet Krypton protects his adoptive home of Earth as the greatest of the superheroes.
 Based on the live-action CW show Supernatural, the anime will be a 22-episode season that will cover the storyline of the live-action version's first two seasons.The anime project will not only remake the best episodes from the live-action version, but also depict original episodes not seen in the live-action version. Those original episodes will include prologues of the Winchester brothers' childhood, anime-only enemies, and episodes featuring secondary characters from the live-action version.
 After crossing over to another dimension, a young man from Earth gets help from a system that gives him all kinds of information about everything taking place in his new world. With so much knowledge at his fingertips, he seizes the opportunity to rise to the top! He cultivates incredibly powerful abilities and martial arts techniques that defy heaven itself! He also obtains all sorts of treasures, including miraculous medicinal pills and divine weapons that even the gods would fear! With all of this in his hands, the young man from Earth shall reign supreme!

 With the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games around the corner, there's also a worldwide sushi boom!But what to do with all the bastardized sushi out there?The Japanese government's urgent response is to team up with other ruling powers around the world to establish the World Food-culture Conservation Organization (WFCO) to protect and promote authentic local cuisine. And so the WFCO deploys its 9th Division to oversee Japanese cuisine abroad. The 9th Division, a.k.a. Sushi Police, is notorious for their aggressive conduct and they hassle anyone serving unauthentic Japanese food in the U.S., Russia, France, China, etc. They will resort to any means necessary to eliminate bad sushi. Soon they are despised by restaurant proprietors around the world.
 In a forgotten town known as the old capital of Tokyo, strange and mysterious crimes are progressively occuring. These supernatural occurances are beyond comprehension and bring fear and terror to the people. Only one person is not intimidated by the evil underlying these occurances and is willing to challenge them
 Voice actresses Aya Suzaki and Asuka Nishi announced at an event in Tokyo on Sunday that their SuzakiNishi radio program will get a television anime adaptation starting in July. The SuzakiNishi The AanimationN anime will air on Tokyo MX TV, TV Kanazawa, and Sun TV
 Yamato Akitsuki travels to Tokyo alone to study in one of the high schools located within the area. He lives in with his aunt who operates a public bath solely for the ladies in the local district and begins his normal high-school life. One day, he chances upon a girl in school and is immediately mesmerised by her beauty. He is shocked when he realise later that the girl, Suzuka, is actually living next door to him. From then on, Yamato’s ordinary life begins to change little by little.
 Yamato Akitsuki travels to Tokyo alone to study in one of the high schools located within the area. He lives in with his aunt who operates a public bath solely for the ladies in the local district and begins his normal high-school life. One day, he chances upon a girl in school and is immediately mesmerized by her beauty. He is shocked when he realizes later that the girl, Suzuka, is actually living next door to him. From then on, Yamato's ordinary life begins to change little by little.
 Suzume, a 17-year-old girl who lives in a quiet town in Kyushu, encounters a traveling young man who tells her "I'm looking for a door." She follows after him and discovers a weathered door in the ruins in the mountains, as if it were the only thing left standing from a collapse. As if drawn by something, Suzume reaches for the door...
 One cold Christmas day, Kyon heads over to school and the SOS Brigade's holiday celebration, only to realize that Haruhi Suzumiya seems to have disappeared. Moreover, no one even remembers her or the SOS Brigade; Mikuru Asahina knows nothing and is now afraid of him, and Itsuki Koizumi has also gone missing. The Literature Club, formed only by an uncharacteristically shy Yuki Nagato, now occupies the old SOS club room.Suzumiya Haruhi no Shoushitsu is based on the fourth light novel of the acclaimed Haruhi series and is set after the events of the anime series. Not uncultured in the supernatural, Kyon will have to deal with his whole life turned upside down like a bad joke, and maybe it's better that way.
 A parody series featuring the entire cast of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya in a smaller form factor. Among the changes are
 The Stress Team floats over the city, locating stressed out people and transforming them into monsters. To combat this, three girls reluctantly transform into the Sweet Valerians, bunny defenders of justice.
 Eight DVD-only episodes.
 Two newbies at the Narcotic Control Department in Japan, Hal and Kai, struggle against
 In the year 2022, virtual reality has progressed by leaps and bounds, and a massive online role-playing game called Sword Art Online (SAO) is launched. With the aid of "NerveGear" technology, players can control their avatars within the game using nothing but their own thoughts.Kazuto Kirigaya, nicknamed "Kirito," is among the lucky few enthusiasts who get their hands on the first shipment of the game. He logs in to find himself, with ten-thousand others, in the scenic and elaborate world of Aincrad, one full of fantastic medieval weapons and gruesome monsters. However, in a cruel turn of events, the players soon realize they cannot log out; the game's creator has trapped them in his new world until they complete all one hundred levels of the game.In order to escape Aincrad, Kirito will now have to interact and cooperate with his fellow players. Some are allies, while others are foes, like Asuna Yuuki, who commands the leading group attempting to escape from the ruthless game. To make matters worse, Sword Art Online is not all fun and games
 Karen Kohiruimaki always felt out of place in the real world. Due to her extreme height, she found it hard to make friends with other girls her age. Everything changes when she's introduced to VR and Gun Gale Online. In GGO, Karen is free to play the cute, chibi avatar of her dreams! Can Karen find friendship in this bullet-ridden MMO...?
 A year has passed since Sword Art Online (SAO) was cleared. Kirito is asked by Kikuoka to investigate Gun Gale Online, specifically Death Gun, a weapon which seemed to link deaths in the virtual reality world to those in the real world.Upon entering the game, Kirito meets Sinon who teaches him the ropes of the game. They both enter the Gun Gale Online tournament, Bullet of Bullets. Kirito displays his amazing skills although he is only a newcomer to the game. Later, Kirito finds out that the mysterious deaths are linked to a red guild named Laughing Coffin in SAO.
 A year after escaping Sword Art Online, Kazuto Kirigaya has been settling back into the real world. However, his peace is short-lived as a new incident occurs in a game called Gun Gale Online, where a player by the name of Death Gun appears to be killing people in the real world by shooting them in-game. Approached by officials to assist in investigating the murders, Kazuto assumes his persona of Kirito once again and logs into Gun Gale Online, intent on stopping the killer.Once inside, Kirito meets Sinon, a highly skilled sniper afflicted by a traumatic past. She is soon dragged in his chase after Death Gun, and together they enter the Bullet of Bullets, a tournament where their target is sure to appear. Uncertain of Death Gun's real powers, Kirito and Sinon race to stop him before he has the chance to claim another life. Not everything goes smoothly, however, as scars from the past impede their progress. In a high-stakes game where the next victim could easily be one of them, Kirito puts his life on the line in the virtual world once more.

 BD/DVD specials.
 In 2026, four years after the infamous Sword Art Online incident, a revolutionary new form of technology has emerged
 In 2026, four years after the infamous Sword Art Online incident, a revolutionary new form of technology has emerged
 Second part of Sword Art Online
 Second part of Sword Art Online
 Second part of Sword Art Online
 Yui wants to see a whale with Kirito during an underwater quest in Alfeim Online. During the quest however, it is revealed Leafa cannot swim. Asuna and the other female characters decide to train Suguha in a real-world pool to help her in ALO. Meanwhile, Kirito meets a certain someone.
 The story is set a couple of years after the events of Sword Art Online, where Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya and his sister Suguha meet up with Asuna Yuuki, Rika "Lisbeth" Shinozaki, and Keiko "Silica" Ayano at the SAO Survivor School. Kirito then attends emergency counseling, while the girls go for a swim at the pool. It turns out that said "emergency counseling" is a subterfuge set up by Seijirou Kikuoka, aiming to rehash the incident of Sword Art Online in hopes of determining Akihiko Kayaba's motives. What will the girls get up to in the pool, and what awaits Kirito and his "counseling"?
 Second Sword Art Online
 Extra episode of Sword Art Offline included in the Sword Art Online
 He was a part of the top 10 players in the beta test for “Sword Dance Online”, but when he was put into a vegetative state after the car accident, he became a monster in the game. After endless amounts of time spent getting stronger, he soon struck terror to the noobs of the server and encountered affectionate situations with countless women.
 Ancient feudal Japan was ruled by clans of Shoguns whose rule was absolute; they owned the land and the people on it! One man, Shuranosuke Sakaki the master swordsman, furiously protected his independence. Bearing his distinctive "Scythes Of Death" crest he walks alone and unafraid, cutting a swathe through those who stand in his way.In this action packed adventure, Shuranosuke is hired by the Tokugawa Shogunate to rescue Princess Mayu from the clutches of a group of bandit ninjas, the Seki Ninja. They will stop at nothing to protect their captive and call upon the undead spirits in Hell to assist them. Shuranosuke's skills are put to the ultimate test as he leaves a trail of blood and severed limbs in a desperate attempt to save the Princess. Watch this classic samurai adventure and find out why Shuranosuke is a cut above the rest.
 Part II of Sword Gai
 A woman died a suspicious death in the forest. Beside her, the sword-smith Amon finds a new-born boy with a tragic fate and takes him in. About 10 years later, this boy who is named Gai and who has become Amon's apprentice, loses his right arm in an accident while making a sword. Amon decides to take a sword called "Shiryuu," which is a sword with demonic powers that has been passed down for generations, and fashion it into an artificial arm for Gai. That was the beginning of it all...The story of this boy, who has become one with a demonic weapon and is drawn into a cruel fate in which he must face countless battles, can be seen as either the story of "a beautiful weapon and an ugly person" or of "the cruelty of weapons and the beauty of humans." This is a completely new world of comic noir.
 Part II of Sword Gai set to release this summer.

 In the Sengoku period, a rounin called Nanashi (meaning nameless) saves a young boy Kotarou and his dog Tobimaru at an abandoned temple. Kotarou has no family, is pursued by a mysterious militia organization from China and hires Nanashi as his bodyguard. Among the pursuers is a man called Rarou, a very skilled warrior with blond hair and blue eyes. He obeys an old man called Byakuran and is a member of the Chinese militia. Unlike his companions in the militia, he is not serving any Emperor and just wants to fight with the strong.
 A 3D CG anime of Sylvanian Families. The OVA was sold bundled with toy merchandise of the franchise.
 A new animated TV series based on the Sylvanian Families toy line.
 The year is 2222. It has been years since Tears of the New Moon, a mysterious rain, poured and wiped out almost the entire human race. The poisonous rain gave birth to deformed creatures devouring humans, and humanity fled from the danger. As means for survival, the humans then build an underground haven; Amasia. In this newly built dystopian city, in a pursuit of maintaining their existence, they run into an Artificial Intelligence named Magus. Not knowing how things will work between them, the story of how Humans and AI coinciding and trying to find their truths begin.
 Yuuri Mito is a typical, normal Japanese teenager. He goes to school, works on people's motorcycles and performs exorcisms. Okay, that last part's a little bit unusual, but his family lives in a shrine and they do that sort of thing. Still, you would think he'd know enough to be careful with an ancient relic he finds in the woods, especially when a mysterious goddess appears and tells him to leave it alone. Unfortunately, despite Mito's best efforts, the seal gets broken anyway and a number of dangerous "tayuti" that it held in stasis get loose. This is bad. Mito also ends up with a beautiful goddess girl who decides that she's going to marry him. This might not be so bad. if he wasn't already caught up in the middle of a war between the entities he's released. The flesh may be weak but the spirit's more than willing to compensate.
 The tea people of the five-pointed star is the main life form of the eighth Nebula. They have a history of more than 3,000 years. The protagonist, Ke Lin, is a young girl with the characteristics of tea people for thousands of years. Can she lead a new generation of tea girls to bring the tea country into a more vibrant life and achieve peace among different planets and races
 "Team Galaxy" is about a group of friends who try to balance both their school work and their free time. The three protagonists, Yoko, Josh, and Brett, are among the students of a school called "Galaxy High", a galactic justice authority, which defends the galaxy against criminals. The school teaches subjects suitable for these types of missions, which their students endure. The series apparently takes place during the present day, but in an episode where they go through a time skip, a calendar says that the year is 2051, hinting that the actual series takes place in 2050.Since the final 3 episodes of season 2 of Team Galaxy 'Predator Plants from Outer Space', a new plot has been introduced where Omni, an android as well as a student of another space school, is searching for his fellow schoolmates after his school has been destroyed by an alien bounty hunter named Gangus. He is convinced to stay at Galaxy High for the time being and is promised by Josh, Brett, Yoko, and the rest of GH to help him. Unfortunately, due to the show currently ending at 52 episodes, this plot hasn't been addressed any further.
 Set in a fictitious land during a medieval-like era of magic and fantasy, Tears to Tiara unfolds with the Divine Empire’s rise to power as it conquers and rules lands far and wide. On the island of Erin, still ruled by the Ancient Kingdom, the Goidelic people are attempting to sacrifice priestess Riannon to revive protagonist and demon king Arawn to lead the resistance against the Empire.Although the ritual fails and Riannon survives, the seal imprisoning the demon king is broken and Arawn is resurrected. Armed with mysterious and devastating powers and a human’s demeanour, Arawn joins Riannon, her brother and battalion commander, Arthur, as well as their team of fighters comprising a swordsman, an archer and a quintet of magical pixies, in the epic struggle against the Divine Empire. Genres
 In a world resembling the middle-age. A girl, Riannon, is set to be sacrificed to appease a resurrected demon lord, Arawn. As her brother Arthur attempts to rescue her, Arawn defies those who resurrected him and frees Riannon from her captors, which leads to Riannon admiring him.This eventually leads to a party of companions being assembled for adventure, with Arawn acting as the leader.
 Technoroid
 Teekyuu is based on a sports comedy manga of the same name featuring four high school girls who belong to a tennis club.
 Second Season of Tenkyuu.
 Short specials included in the BD release.
 Third Season of Teekyuu.
 Fourth season of Teekyuu series.
 Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.
 Fifth season of Teekyuu series.
 Sixth season of Teekyuu series.

 Seventh season of the Teekyuu series.
 Eighth season of the Teekyuu anime series.
 Unaired specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD release.
 Ninth season of the Teekyuu anime series.
 After a battle with a high-tech villain named, Saiko-Tek, the Teen Titans travel to the city of Tokyo where they find themselves embroiled in a conflict with an ancient enemy.
 Apparently abandoned by his mother, orphan Lag Seeing is taken as a "letter" by "Letter Bee" Gauche Suede to a town where his aunt raises him. His affection and admiration for Gauche give Lag the ambition to become a Letter Bee himself, carrying mail through the dangerous wasteland between towns on his world. When he becomes a teenager, he makes the trip to the capital to take the examination to become a trainee Letter Bee. En route, he meets the strange, powerful girl-like creature Niche, who becomes his "dingo," a Letter Bee's travelling companion. Lag yearns to find his mother, and discover why she abandoned him, if she did.
 Second season of Tegami Bachi
 Tegamibachi Reverse DVD short extra episodes.
 Tegamibachi specials.
 Commercial web animation made for Nissan Note. Despite being a commercial, the content is highly independent, starting with a little girl keep asking everyone what is "Teinenpi", a kanji word meaning low fuel cost.It features a parody of the classic anime "Heidi" in 1974 but directed by Mr. Fumihara Satoshi, the director of the gag anime "The World of Golden Eggs".It also features Mr. Koumoto Junichi playing multiple roles including
 When an evil sorcerer bent on crushing the "greatest city on earth" uses dark powers to awaken the destructive spirit of Tokyo's historic "guardian," Taira no Masakado, occultists, children, and scientists become embroiled in a ruinous struggle spanning two decades.
 Saiki Misaki has been able to see ghosts since she was a kid. Now, working at an S&M club, her spare time goes to sending the spirits off to the other world by having to make them realize they're dead and have to leave. This would supposedly be a little bit easier if you didnt have a background of hardship and loneliness... and a perverted employer.
 Our MC finds out that his school requires him to join a club and during his reluctant search he stumbles upon Tejina-senpai attempting magic tricks in her clubroom. Tejina-senpai has massive stage fright however and so now that she has an audience her attempts are simply comedic.
 Starting his new term at Tanenashi High School, an unmotivated freshman searches for a club that requires minimal participation to suit his needs. He then comes across the magic clubroom, and inside is a cute upperclassman practicing her magic tricks. Suffering from stage fright that causes her to slip up in her acts, she has a tendency to end up in the most embarrassing situations. Despite having little interest in a club run by an incapable magician, the freshman finds himself involved as a new member, experiencing all sorts of awkward moments with his eccentric mentor.
 Tekkaman Blade takes place in the year 2300 AD. On a certain moment, the Radam attack earth. A few months after the beginning of the invasion, a tekkaman appears, he calls himself Blade and with the help of the Space Knights, Blade starts to fight the radam. But there are a few things that Blade isn’t telling about his past.
 Tekkaman Blade takes place in the year 2300 AD. On a certain moment, the Radam attack earth. A few months after the beginning of the invasion, a tekkaman appears, he calls himself Blade and with the help of the Space Knights, Blade starts to fight the radam. But there are a few things that Blade isn't telling about his past.
 10 years have passed since the end of the last war against the radam. A new team of Space Knights has been assembled under the lead of Aki and D-boy. The first mission of the new tekkaman is to defeat the radam but then, they have to fight against a remnent from the past.
 The first OVA, Burning Clock, tells the story of the Aiba family, goes into further detail about Shinya and Takaya's rivalry.
 Based on The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas.
 High school student Ling Xiaoyu is recruited by Anna Williams of G Corporation to transfer to Kyoto University and gather information on a student named Kamiya Shin. Meanwhile, Kazama Jin, the current head of theMishima Zaibatsu, sends Alisa Bosconovitch to the university for the same mission. Though they do not know each other's true motives, Xiaoyu and Alisa become close friends. However, their friendship is put to the test when Shin is captured by an unknown assailant.
 High school student Ling Xiaoyu is recruited by Anna Williams of G Corporation to transfer to Kyoto University and gather information on a student named Shin Kamiya. Meanwhile, Jin Kazama, the current head of the Mishima Zaibatsu, sends Alisa Bosconovitch to the university for the same mission. Though they do not know each other's true motives, Xiaoyu and Alisa become close friends. However, their friendship is put to the test when Shin is captured by an unknown assailant.
 To every age great warriors are born. Their skills win them fame; combat makes them legends. Enter the world of the Iron Fist Tournament where fighters of unequaled ability gather from around the world to test their might in the gladiatorial arena. Get ready for the ultimate adventure! Tekken, the spectacular series that revolutionized how fighting games are played is now an incredible animated motion picture! The awesome rendering power of state of the art computers merge with the stunning graphic style and dynamics of anime in an adventure that will rip you right out of your living room and hurl you into the blood-drenched arena of the most incredible martial arts battle ever created.
 Kuro (black) and Shiro (white) are two orphans roaming the streets of Treasure Town, beating down any thug or yakuza who gets in their way. When mysterious foreign entrepreneurs appear with the intention of tearing down Treasure Town and replacing it with an amusement park, Kuro and Shiro face their greatest adversaries yet. It is up to the destructive Kuro to save the fate of the city and up to the gentle Shiro to save Kuro from his own dark nature.
 Black and White are two orphans who roam the streets of Treasure Town, beating down any thug or yakuza who gets in their way. When mysterious foreign entrepreneurs appear with the intention of tearing down Treasure Town and replacing it with an amusement park, Black and White face their greatest adversaries yet. It is up to the destructive Black to save the fate of the city and up to the gentle White to save Black from his own dark nature.
 Tekkaman Blade takes place in the year 2300 AD. On a certain moment, the Radam attack earth. A few months after the beginning of the invasion, a tekkaman appears, he calls himself Blade and with the help of the Space Knights, Blade starts to fight the radam. But there are a few things that Blade isn't telling about his past.
 Ran is a bright and energetic first-grader in junior high school who possesses supernatual abilities. Together with Midori (her friend who also has supernatural powers) and Rui, the threesome are constantly embroiled in mysterious circumstances.Ran is troubled by her powers because it seems to spark off the ill intentions of people in contact with her. However, with the support of her family and peers, Ran learns to deal with her ‘other’ side and accepts who she is. The threesome also learn how to team up as a whole and solve these mysterious events.
 Corporate secretary Shirotani suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorder. One day he meets Kurose, a therapist who offers to take him through a ten-step program to cure him of his compulsion. As the two go through each of the ten steps, Shirotani 's attraction to his counselor grows.
 A generation of kings, Gu Xuanchen, once cultivated ten all-powerful emperors as disciples, but when he broke through the shackles sealed in his body, he was unfortunately wiped out by a thunder calamity! Reborn as his son-in-law, in order to return to the top, he overcame all obstacles and strengthened himself-killing demons, suppressing evil spirits; saving the clan and saving his disciples and grandchildren! In the process of step-by-step passionate practice and defeating powerful enemies, he not only achieved his own growth and rise, but also reaped the treasures of his loved ones and loved ones.
 Paraila was an agent for a war organization in the space, but suddenly the supreme court of planets accused her of betrayal and she was forced to be a fugitive to escape from jail. Now she forms a team with a clueless school teacher, a bazooka lover girl and Paraila's former sidekick. They will battle against Paraila's enemies, and try to go to earth to escape from space justice.
 Paraila was an agent for a war organization in the space, but suddenly the supreme court of planets accused her of betrayal and she was forced to be a fugitive to escape from jail. Now she forms a team with a clueless school teacher, a bazooka lover girl and Paraila's former sidekick. They will battle against Paraila's enemies, and try to go to earth to escape from space justice.
 Long years after a war destroys most of the earth, Lasty Farson is one of the "angels" sent to points in history to set things right. Lasty is hopelessly clumsy and inept, but once she transforms into Angel Rabbie, she's the best there is. On her first day as a debut angel, she's late, but she is sent to earth and ends up battling old robots from the war--a tall order for a rookie angel.
 Tenchi decides to move to Tokyo in order to lead a normal life in the big city. While in Tokyo Tenchi meets a girl named Sakuyo. They soon fall in love but as it turns out a dark sinister force has created Sakuyo to get at Tenchi and rule the earth. Now Tenchi must balance love, friends, and life while defending the earth one last time.
 Tenchi decides to move to Tokyo in order to lead a normal life in the big city. While in Tokyo Tenchi meets a girl named Sakuya. They soon fall in love but as it turns out a dark sinister force has created Sakuya to get at Tenchi and rule the earth. Now Tenchi must balance love, friends, and life while defending the earth one last time.
 Seina is unlucky, so unlucky that when he stumbles upon a recruiter looking for his senpai Tenchi he gets taken instead. Forced into the Galaxy police, his luck begins to change. A natural to randomly jumping near pirates, he is assigned his own decoy to draw out pirates.His luck brings him into the lives of four women who have a habit of cancelling out his bad luck, turning it into good. Armed with this luck, they pilot the most powerful ships in the Tenchi Universe to defeat the Barta pirates. Now the only uncertainty is whether the sexy Kaunaq, a former model turned GXP officer, sturdy Kiriko, who has known Seina for years, the mysterious Ryoko, a former pirate named after the legendary one, or the childish Neiju, a powerful witch, will win Seina. Genre
 The notorious criminal Kain has escaped from the Galaxy Police (GP) Headquarters. He had been captured before through the joint efforts of the Jurai Royal Family and the GP. Around the same time, Tenchi's house on Earth suddenly disappears... even Tenchi himself is fading fast! It seems that Kain has gone back to the past to alter things to his favor. Tenchi and the gang must now go back in time, back to 1970, and save Tenchi's parents from certain doom in the hands of Kain.
 Startica is the Summer Festival on Jurai. Many years ago, Tenchi's grandfather, Yosho, met a young girl during Startica and just as their relationship blossomed, she was attacked by the Jurai Palace who revealed that the girl was Yuzuha - the Demon of Darkness!Wounded by the attack, Yuzuha fled, but many years later her feeling of betrayal lead her to plan her revenge by taking Yosho's only grandson; Tenchi!On a hot summer day, a fetching young girl named Mayuka appears to Tenchi, calling him Daddy! Jealousy and envy follow as Ryoko and Ayeka battle for Tenchi's attention with an apparently new rival. Who could the mother be?!Sasami befriends Mayuka as they compare Earth's Christmas and Jurai's Startica celebrations and Mayuka is welcomed into the Masaki household.However, Mayuka is just a puppet of the Demon, Yuzuha, and it's her plan to bring Tenchi to the Nightmare World completing her revenge! Will Tenchi be able to resist Mayuka's love? Can Sasami convince Mayuka to change?It's a battle for Mayuka as she chooses between her parents; Tenchi and Yuzuha! To be the Daughter of Light or the Daughter of Darkness!
 One fine day, as always, Ryoko and Aeka are busy fighting over Tenchi. Tenchi takes a walk into the mountains for a breather, but he never returns. Six months later, there is still no sign of him. Together, Ryoko and Aeka move to the city and use their time off from work to search for Tenchi. A chance encounter reveals to them an older, more mature Tenchi with no memory of Ryoko or Aeka. To make matters worse, he seems to have found a new love in the person of Haruna.
 Tenchi Masaki was a normal 17-year old boy until the day he accidentally releases the space pirate, Ryoko from a cave she was sealed in 700 years ago as the people thought she was a demon.In a series of events, four other alien girls show up at the Masaki household as Tenchi learns much of his heritage he never knew about and deal with five alien girls who each have some sort of romantic interest in him.
 The demonic space criminal Kain has escaped from prison and destroyed the Galaxy Police headquarters. To ensure that the Jurai will not stop him, Kain travels back to 1970 to eliminate Tenchi's mother before he is even born. Now, Tenchi and the gang must travel to the past to stop him before he ceases to exist.
 Mysteriously teleported from Earth, Kenshi Masaki finds himself ensnared by a mysterious organization in a world called Geminar, where male mecha pilots are extremely rare. With the promise of returning home, the 15 year-old agrees to pilot a mecha suit called a Sacred Mechanoid and assassinate the ruler of the Shtrayu Empire, Lashara Earth XVIII. However, things do not go according to plan, and Kenshi finds himself prisoner and an object of scrutiny by Lashara and her shipmates. After learning of Kenshi’s plight, Lashara offers him the chance to redeem himself by entering her employ. He will act as her servant, practically a slave, but also have a chance to once more pilot a mecha suit. Kenshi is willing to endure Geminar’s eccentricities if it means he may return home, but will he ever be able to do so? And what of this mysterious organization that brought him to Geminar to try to kill Lashara?
 Seina Yamada is unlucky... so unlucky that when he stumbles upon a recruiter looking for his senpai Tenchi he gets taken instead. Forced into the Galaxy Police, his luck begins to change. A natural to randomly jumping near pirates, he is assigned his own decoy to draw out pirates. His luck brings him into the lives of four women who have a habit of cancelling out his bad luck, turning it into good. Armed with this luck, they pilot the most powerful ships in the Tenchi Universe to defeat the Da Ruma pirates. Now the only uncertainty is whether the sexy Amane Kaunaq, a former model turned into a GP detective, sturdy Kiriko Masaki, who has known Seina for years, the mysterious Ryoko Balta, a former pirate named after the legendary one, or the child-like Neju Na Melmas, a powerful 2000 year-old priestess, will win Seina.

 Tenchi Masaki gets the surprise of his life when a teenage girl approaches him and calls him "Daddy." Believing that the girl is mistaking him for someone else, Tenchi brings her home to figure out what is going on, which turns out to be a big mistake. When the girl introduces herself as Mayuka Masaki, Tenchi's daughter, the Masaki household is thrown into yet another frenzy.Thinking that Mayuka is just taking advantage of Tenchi, the girls refuse to believe that she is really his child. However, when DNA testing reveals that Tenchi is indeed her father, Washuu comes to the conclusion that Mayuka is his daughter from the future, the result of a recent time distortion. With this new revelation, everyone tries to welcome Mayuka into their lives with the sole exception being Ryouko Hakubi, who senses something sinister lurking beneath Mayuka's charm.
 Tenchi Masaki gets the surprise of his life when a teenage girl approaches him and calls him "Daddy." Believing that the girl is mistaking him for someone else, Tenchi brings her home to figure out what is going on, which turns out to be a big mistake. When the girl introduces herself as Mayuka Masaki, Tenchi's daughter, the Masaki household is thrown into yet another frenzy.Thinking that Mayuka is just taking advantage of Tenchi, the girls refuse to believe that she is really his child. However, when DNA testing reveals that Tenchi is indeed her father, Washuu comes to the conclusion that Mayuka is his daughter from the future, the result of a recent time distortion. With this new revelation, everyone tries to welcome Mayuka into their lives with the sole exception being Ryouko Hakubi, who senses something sinister lurking beneath Mayuka's charm.
 This OVA series gives the viewer more in-depth details on Sasami, Washu, and Ryo-ohki, as well as introducing members of the Juraian royal family.
 Continuing right where the last OVA series left off, the mysterious Lady Tokimi dispatches the warrior Z to Earth in order to learn more about Tenchi and his connection to Washu and Tsunami. Z is ordered not to lay a hand on Tenchi, but he may have his own agenda as he quickly sets about making trouble for our hero. Meanwhile, Tenchi's father and grandfather come to the decision that it may be time for Tenchi to learn even more about his past and his Jurian heritage. And the arrival of a couple of new female residents to the Masaki household threatens to upset the balance and inflame the rivalry over Tenchi's already decidedly divided affection.
 While the galaxy remains at peace, Tenchi Masaki continues to live on Earth with Ryouko and Washuu Hakubi, Aeka and Sasami Jurai Masaki, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, and the cat-like creature Ryo-Ohki. Though it sounds great to be surrounded by so many women, they always end up making things difficult for Tenchi by constantly fighting for his attention, and their attempts at household chores always end in disaster.Although life has become more chaotic since they moved in, Tenchi begins to form a strong bond with his roommates and gains more insight into their respective struggles and history.
 The entire Jurai and Masaki family is in a celebratory mood as Nobuyuki and Rea are finally tying the knot! In the days leading up to his father's wedding, Tenchi reunites with those he met throughout his journey as well as gets acquainted with some new family members. Though this is a blissful time where everyone is finally together, there is one major bump in the road
 Tenchi Muyou 5th season.
 On a sunny day, Mihoshi Kuramitsu decides to take a peaceful nap while everyone else does chores. Sick of Mihoshi's laziness, Aeka Jurai Masaki questions her capability as a Galaxy Police Officer. Her pride wounded, Mihoshi decides to prove that she is a skilled first class detective by telling the story of how she and her partner, Kiyone Makibi, put a stop to a series of thefts involving Ultra Energy Matter.To make it more fun, Mihoshi inserts Tenchi Masaki and the others into her story. However, her fantastical tale may just demonstrate her lack of a grip on reality rather than showcase her accomplishment as a talented officer.
 On a sunny day, Mihoshi Kuramitsu decides to take a peaceful nap while everyone else does chores. Sick of Mihoshi's laziness, Aeka Jurai Masaki questions her capability as a Galaxy Police Officer. Her pride wounded, Mihoshi decides to prove that she is a skilled first class detective by telling the story of how she and her partner, Kiyone Makibi, put a stop to a series of thefts involving Ultra Energy Matter.To make it more fun, Mihoshi inserts Tenchi Masaki and the others into her story. However, her fantastical tale may just demonstrate her lack of a grip on reality rather than showcase her accomplishment as a talented officer.
 "In Heaven's Animal Design Department, designers create a variety of new animals daily while contending with the unreasonable requests of their client
 Tenchi Masaki may be a 17-year-old young man in rural Japan, but little does he know how bad his day will be getting. When a space pirate chased by a pair of Galaxy Police officers crash-lands at his grandfather’s temple, Tenchi is sucked into a new adventure t
 Tenchi Masaki may be a 17-year-old young man in rural Japan, but little does he know how bad his day will be getting. When a space pirate chased by a pair of Galaxy Police officers crash-lands at his grandfather's temple, Tenchi is sucked into a new adventure that will literally blast him off into outer space and beyond.
 Seven years have passed after the battle of Teppelin... Humans have since reclaimed the surface of the earth and enjoy an unprecedented period of peace and prosperity. However, humanity's increasing population growth triggers the sudden emergence of an unknown, powerful enemy.The fearsome, manipulative power of the mysterious Anti-Spiral proves too overwhelming for humans to even fight back. When everyone becomes desperate and loses hope, Team Dai-Gurren members reunite to stand up once again!
 An uncut version of episode six, involving Kamina's hopes of seeing Yoko and The Black Siblings naked, even at the risk of his friends' safety.
 Within the safety of the walls, youths are raised in a nursery-style setting by robots. While life there may appear stale on the surface, the children are full of potential and curiosity. In many ways it is like a slice of heaven. The outside world is a hell-scape. It is almost entirely void of anything mechanical and is now inhabited by bizarre, yet powerful super-natural beings.Maru, with the aid of Kiruko, is out there crisscrossing what was once Tokyo for heaven. But after searching for so long, maybe heaven is more of an untenable dream than a potential reality.
 Within the safety of the walls, youths are raised in a nursery-style setting by robots. While life there may appear stale on the surface, the children are full of potential and curiosity. In many ways it is like a slice of heaven. The outside world is a hell-scape. It is almost entirely void of anything mechanical and is now inhabited by bizarre, yet powerful super-natural beings.Maru, with the aid of Kiruko, is out there crisscrossing what was once Tokyo for heaven. But after searching for so long, maybe heaven is more of an untenable dream than a potential reality.
 Souchirou Nagi and Bob Makihara are two delinquents who arrive at Toudou Academy with the objective of ruling over the school with their strength. But on their first day, they encountered the Jyuukenbu, a martial arts group of the school. Members of the group, Maya Natsume, her sister Aya, and Masataka Takayanagi easily overpowered Souchirou and Bob.And what’s more, due to what was assumed to be their “connections” with the Jyuukenbu, the two were attacked by members of the Enforcement Group, which oversees the martial arts groups of the school. Drawn into the personal conflicts between the Jyuukenbu and the Enforcement Group, Souchirou and Bob have no choice but to join up with Maya Natsume’s group and to hone their skills to become even stronger.
 Souchirou Nagi and Bob Makihara are two delinquents who arrive at Toudou Academy with the objective of ruling over the school with their strength. But on their first day, they encountered the Jyuukenbu, a martial arts group of the school. Members of the group, Maya Natsume, her sister Aya, and Masataka Takayanagi easily overpowered Souchirou and Bob.And what’s more, due to what was assumed to be their “connections” with the Jyuukenbu, the two were attacked by members of the Enforcement Group, which oversees the martial arts groups of the school. Drawn into the personal conflicts between the Jyuukenbu and the Enforcement Group, Souchirou and Bob have no choice but to join up with Maya Natsume’s group and to hone their skills to become even stronger.
 For some people, high school represents the opportunity for a fresh start. You can take new classes and make new friends. For Souichiro Nagi and Bob Makihara, though, high school means something different
 Mitsuomi Takayanagi and Maya Natsume both want to become stronger. On there way to becoming the best they learn that there are many things going on behind the scenes, and Shin, Maya's brother, may be the cause of all of it. Mitsuomi feels that he is the only one that can stop him. A retelling of what happened in the past of tenjou tenge, in movie form.
 Continues from where the original series left off. The characters try to settle their conflicts with each other in this 2 episode OAV. Aya confronts her sister Maya about Nagi, while Nagi receives a challenge from Mitsuomi to fight to the death. Meanwhile, Bob trains as hard as he can for the tournament.
 The Tenka Hyakken franchise centers around the "Mitsurugi," maidens who are physical incarnations of ancient swords. They have pledged to live peaceful lives after the era of warfare, but are now returning to battle to fight a new foe that has arisen during an alternate version of the Meiji Era, three hundred years after the Battle of Sekigahara.
 The summer of his high school freshman year, Hodaka runs away from his remote island home to Tokyo, and quickly finds himself pushed to his financial and personal limits. The weather is unusually gloomy and rainy every day, as if to suggest his future. He lives his days in isolation, but finally finds work as a writer for a mysterious occult magazine. Then one day, Hodaka meets Hina on a busy street corner. This bright and strong-willed girl possesses a strange and wonderful ability
 In the distant future, a mysterious floating object appears suddenly in the center of Tokyo. The top secret mission unit Alta Mira Agency or AA is comissioned by the Defense Agency to deal with this mysterious invader. In charge of the robot training is Funagai Otsuya. He trains five special girls to use the Battle Soles to push back the enemy even at the cost of their lives.
 A 16-year-old boy named Shurato and his friend Gai happen to be drawn into a gigantic ball of light while competing in the final match of a martial arts tournament. When they regain their senses, they find themselves transferred to a mystic heavenly sphere with a divine atmosphere. It's soon discovered that Shurato used to be the governing king of this world and that he has only been brought to his original state. Shurato is shocked as Gai suddenly turns hostile. After this unfortunate incident, a spectacular yet fantastic drama develops involving the two.
 A 16-year-old boy named Shurato and his friend Gai happen to be drawn into a gigantic ball of light while competing in the final match of a martial arts tournament. When they regain their senses, they find themselves transferred to a mystic heavenly sphere with a divine atmosphere. It's soon discovered that Shurato used to be the governing king of this world and that he has only been brought to his original state. Shurato is shocked as Gai suddenly turns hostile. After this unfortunate incident, a spectacular yet fantastic drama develops involving the two.
 Upon witnessing a man's head cracked open with an axe, 16-year-old Yuri Honjou trembles in fear and confusion as she flees from the masked assailant, only to find out she's trapped in an abandoned building where every door is mysteriously locked. Desperately searching for a way out, Yuri runs to the rooftop, but a world with no signs of life stands before her, surrounded by high-rise buildings. Though filled with despair, once she learns that her brother is also in this strange place, Yuri is determined to find him and escape.However, she soon finds that there are more masked murderers in the area, anxious to terrorize their newfound victims and satiate their sickest desires, leaving Yuri to question if they will be able to make it out alive.
 Upon witnessing a man's head cracked open with an axe, 16-year-old Yuri Honjou trembles in fear and confusion as she flees from the masked assailant, only to find out she's trapped in an abandoned building where every door is mysteriously locked. Desperately searching for a way out, Yuri runs to the rooftop, but a world with no signs of life stands before her, surrounded by high-rise buildings. Though filled with despair, once she learns that her brother is also in this strange place, Yuri is determined to find him and escape.However, she soon finds that there are more masked murderers in the area, anxious to terrorize their newfound victims and satiate their sickest desires, leaving Yuri to question if they will be able to make it out alive.
 Specials set six months after the end of Tenpou Ibun Ayakashi Ayashi.
 The series takes place in the Imperial Capital of 1930. A group of people known as "Jaegers" landed on Tokyo Station. They carry musical instrument cases and came to hunt vampires. A man named Yuliy stood among them with a striking serenity and unusual aura. Known as a werewolf who had his home village destroyed by vampires, he and the Jaegers engage in battle against the mysterious holy arc known as the "The Arc of Sirius". What truth awaits them?
 It ain't easy being a genius...Prince Wein is ready to commit treason. And who can blame him? Faced with the impossible task of ruling his pathetic little kingdom, this poor guy just can't catch a break! But with his brilliant idea of auctioning off his country, this lazy prince should be able to retire once and for all. Or that was the plan...until his treasonous schemes lead to disastrous consequences-namely, accidental victories and the favor of his people!
 Yuuji Sano, a black company employee, is summoned to another world while finishing his work at home. His profession in the other world, a Monster Tamer, is considered a job that makes it difficult to become an adventurer. However, thanks to some slimes he met, which read several magical books, he gained magical powers and a second profession, Sage.Yuuji acquired overwhelming power, but is he conscious of his strength? Blindly becoming unparalleled and strongest in the world!
 Teenager Shiinya Kazuya died while saving young girls from an attacker, only to find himself reincarnated into a world of swords and magic. It was a dream come true! Though he remembers his life and knowledge of Earth, he is now Cain von Silford, the third son of an aristocrat. Being granted the protection of the gods on his fifth birthday turned out to be too much of a good thing for Cain. His stats and boosts are so powerful, he must hide his real abilities to climb the ranks of society as he descends into the darkest dungeons. The ultimate isekai adventure begins as a teen-turned-child is trapped in a beautiful kingdom he didn't create, but might one day rule!
 Teenager Shiinya Kazuya died while saving young girls from an attacker, only to find himself reincarnated into a world of swords and magic. It was a dream come true! Though he remembers his life and knowledge of Earth, he is now Cain von Silford, the third son of an aristocrat. Being granted the protection of the gods on his fifth birthday turned out to be too much of a good thing for Cain. His stats and boosts are so powerful, he must hide his real abilities to climb the ranks of society as he descends into the darkest dungeons. The ultimate isekai adventure begins as a teen-turned-child is trapped in a beautiful kingdom he didn't create, but might one day rule!
 Despite her supposed ineptitude with regular magic, Princess Anisphia defies the aristocracy's expectations by developing "magicology," a unique magical theory based on memories from her past life. One day, she witnesses the brilliant noblewoman Euphyllia unjustly stripped of her title as the kingdom's next monarch. That's when Anisphia concocts a plan to help Euphyllia regain her good name-which somehow involves them living together and researching magic! Little do these two ladies know, however, that their chance encounter will alter not only their own futures, but those of the kingdom...and the entire world!
 "Rimuru Tempest" is the new name of a slime in a fantasy world taken by a former 37-year-old human Satou Mikami after he is killed by a passing robber. Broken free from ordinary, stale past life, his fresh adventure in a fantasy world as a slime monster with unique abilities begins.
 "Rimuru Tempest" is the new name of a slime in a fantasy world taken by a former 37-year-old human Satoru Mikami after he is killed by a passing robber. Broken free from ordinary, stale past life, his fresh adventure in a fantasy world as a slime monster with unique abilities begins.(Source
 Second season of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken.
 Second season of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken.
 Second half of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken 2nd Season
 Second half of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken 2nd Season
 In Raja, a small country located to the west of Tempest. Rimuru and his companions get involved in a long-running conspiracy that swirls around the mysterious power of the queen. Rimuru and his commander Benimaru also encounter another ogre survivor named Hiiro, a man that used to be the brother of Benimaru.
 In Raja, a small country located to the west of Tempest. Rimuru and his companions get involved in a long-running conspiracy that swirls around the mysterious power of the queen. Rimuru and his commander Benimaru also encounter another ogre survivor named Hiiro, a man that used to be the brother of Benimaru.
 Bundled in the eleventh volume of the manga. It will be about the Sumo competition that held at Tempest for the first time, suggested by Rimuru.
 Bundled with the 12th and 13th volumes of the manga. The first OVA will be about the Sumo competition that is held at Tempest for the first time, suggested by Rimuru.
 Kyou Nukui is a first year high school student hikikomori. His hobby is making Vocaloid songs and uploading them online. One day, he receives a message from a fan asking if they could meet up with him. At the meeting place, three elementary school girls were waiting for him. The three of them want to form a band and ask for Kyou's help.
 Botan Ichige has just enrolled in St. Asmaria All-Girl's School where angels are said to live. It turns out that angels do indeed live there, and after an accident, an angel named Un offers Botan her halo as a snack. After eating it, Botan discovers it had some bizarre side-effects, causing her to regularly "give birth" to colorful mushrooms. Is this the life of an angel!?
 In a desolate and dark world full of shadows, lives one little girl who seems to do nothing but collect water in jars and protect a large egg she carries everywhere. A mysterious man enters her life... and they discuss the world around them.
 "Dear diary... I got reincarnated as a slime."Even in another world, lives aren't always on the line. There's plenty of work to be done, from feeding the community and forging the items the community needs; as well as plenty of play ...and hijinks throughout! Join Rimuru and friends as they kick back and enjoy their daily lives.
 In between slaying monsters and negotiating with neighboring countries, Rimuru Tempest has his hands full attending to his kingdom alongside day-to-day matters. But whether it's expanding the farms in the summer heat or shoveling snow in the chilly winter, no task is too big for Rimuru and his friends!
 Tentai Senshi Sunred is a powerful, battle tested hero of many years. He has sold his super bike, which is seen in the opening credits. Now he smokes a lot, is effectively unemployed, and lives by the grace of his girlfriend, Kayoko Uchida. His arch enemies in the Evil Florsheim Army are still trying to take over the world. Under the direction of their local leader, Vamp, they help members of the community, run a cooking show, assist Kayoko Uchida whenever possible, and try to attack the ever powerful Sunred. All in all, a light parody of the Japanese hero genera.
 Sakamoto Yayoi, a diehard fan of comedians and comedy acts, enrolls in the private Kazuki High School in Nanba (Osaka's entertainment district famous as the starting point for many comedians). She reunites with Takahashi Yomogi, a childhood friend who once formed the comedy duo "Konamonzu" with her when they were little. Before long, they find themselves putting together a routine at a park like they did before, in order to enter a local shopping area's contest. At that moment, a mysterious girl calls out to them.
 In the future, humans are living on colonized planets and are controlled in every aspect of their life by a system of computers. Evolution has resulted in the birth of people with extraordinary powers. This new race is called Mu. Hated and feared by the humans, the Mu dream of a place to live in peace
 In the future, humans are living on colonized planets and are controlled in every aspect of their life by a system of computers. Evolution has resulted in the birth of people with extraordinary powers. This new race is called Mu. Hated and feared by the humans, the Mu dream of a place to live in peace
 In an attempt to colonize Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and purify the atmosphere, while feeding the insects whose corpses would help the mold spread throughout the planet.Five hundred years later, the first manned ship to Mars lands on the planet and the six crew members are attacked by giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength later labeled as Terraformars. Before the crew members are easily wiped out, they manage only to send a transmission back to Earth. Decades later, a multinational expedition is sent to exterminate the mutated bugs and take control of the planet just to be wiped out as well, except for two survivors who managed to return to Earth, with one of them swearing to one day return to Mars and avenge their fallen companions. As a third expedition is assembled, questions are raised about the true origin of the Terraformars and their connection with a mysterious disease that is afflicting mankind back on Earth.To fight the Terraformars' strength and agility, the members of the second and third expedition undergo genetic modification to inherit the characteristics of other organisms, only possible after having a special organ implanted inside their bodies with only a 30% chance of surviving the surgery.
 With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold.It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars.
 Bundled with the 21st and 22nd volumes, the OVAs adapt the Earth arc of the manga.
 The CG anime centers around the extracurricular activities of students.
 Second Season of Tesagure! Bukatsumono series.
 A spin-off of the Tesagure! Bukatsumono series.
 Mission T is a secret operation to save the world from destruction. Trained as a ninja from a young age, Botan Negoro, raised to become the ultimate spy, teams up with another excellent spy, Kuruma. Their aim is to recover the legacy of the genius inventor Nikola Tesla, the "Shards of Tesla." Can the two outwit the agents of other countries who are also pursuing these fragments? A super-original spy thriller begins.
 In post-WWII Japan, Prof. Shikishima has built up Shikishima Industries to be a technological powerhouse, working on developing robots. However, at the heart of their success lurks a dark secret from the war, something that cost the life of Prof. Kaneda, the mentor of Prof. Shikishima. Now Kaneda's son, Shoutarou, is about to learn the truth, and it will change him forever.
 Dr.Haneda was developing experimental giant robot warriors to fight the allies during the Second World War, but before his creations could see action, Allied bombs destroyed the facility and killed him. A decade later criminals discovered two of the surviving prototypes, #26 and 27 in the series, and used the remote controlled robots to commit a number of crimes. Young Shotaro Haneda, the twelve year old son of Dr.Haneda, did some investigating and discovered that the mob were hunting for the twenty-eighth robot in the series, rumoured to be the most powerful of them all. Racing the villains, Shotaro discovers the robot first, along with Dr.Shikashima, a colleague of his father's who was also believed killed by the Allied bombing. Together the two prevent Tetusjin-28 (the robot's official designation) from falling into the hands of the bad guys, and decide to dedicate him to peace rather than war.Shotaro fought crime for a long time, supported by Dr.Shikashima, who would repair Tetsujin-28 when he was damaged, and by police officer Otsuka. Shotaro even battled the alien Magmans, invaders from the planet Magma, who came to Earth late in his career, bringing their own giant robots, Magma X and Gold Wolf, with them.
 Shotaro had become an Interpol agent, working with Branch Robo, the antirobot crime unit of that organization. He still employs Tetsujin.
 Shotaro had become an Interpol agent, working with Branch Robo, the antirobot crime unit of that organization. He still employs Tetsujin.
 In post-WWII Japan, Prof. Shikishima has built up Shikishima Industries to be a technological powerhouse, working on developing robots. However, at the heart of their success lurks a dark secret from the war, something that cost the life of Prof. Kaneda, the mentor of Prof. Shikishima. Now Kaneda's son, Shoutarou, is about to learn the truth, and it will change him forever.
 In post-WWII Japan, Prof. Shikishima has built up Shikishima Industries to be a technological powerhouse, working on developing robots. However, at the heart of their success lurks a dark secret from the war, something that cost the life of Prof. Kaneda, the mentor of Prof. Shikishima. Now Kaneda's son, Shoutarou, is about to learn the truth, and it will change him forever.
 Dr.Haneda was developing experimental giant robot warriors to fight the allies during the Second World War, but before his creations could see action, Allied bombs destroyed the facility and killed him. A decade later criminals discovered two of the surviving prototypes, #26 and 27 in the series, and used the remote controlled robots to commit a number of crimes. Young Shotaro Haneda, the twelve year old son of Dr.Haneda, did some investigating and discovered that the mob were hunting for the twenty-eighth robot in the series, rumoured to be the most powerful of them all. Racing the villains, Shotaro discovers the robot first, along with Dr.Shikashima, a colleague of his father's who was also believed killed by the Allied bombing. Together the two prevent Tetusjin-28 (the robot's official designation) from falling into the hands of the bad guys, and decide to dedicate him to peace rather than war.Shotaro fought crime for a long time, supported by Dr.Shikashima, who would repair Tetsujin-28 when he was damaged, and by police officer Otsuka. Shotaro even battled the alien Magmans, invaders from the planet Magma, who came to Earth late in his career, bringing their own giant robots, Magma X and Gold Wolf, with them.
 This theatrical version based on the manga by Yokoyama Mitsuteru, deals with the genius boy detective Kaneda Shotaro and his giant robot, Tetsujin 28, set in Tokyo ten years after the end of the Second World War.Shotaro's missing brother appears as a a new character who was trained as a pilot of the soldier robot Tetsujin which Japan had created for the Second World War. However, with the end of the war, there was nothing left for him but a peaceful Japan. In the meantime, "Destruction Bombs" are found in many places in Tokyo. The bombs were developed by Professor Kaneda, the creator of Tetsujin 28 and Shotaro's father, as the ultimate weapons to protect the mainland. If the bombs explode, Tokyo will be reduced to ashes.
 Set in a future where machines have advanced to the point of autonomy and become a point of major contention in the political and social realms, Astro Boy (1980) chronicles the struggles of a crime-fighting young robot named Atom. Created in the image of his enigmatic inventor's deceased son, Atom survives rough beginnings, getting saved and adopted by the benevolent Dr. Ochanomizu. In his pursuit of justice, Atom finds himself in the midst of numerous clashes with various factions, and is often faced with the harsh realities of the world.
 Tsutomu, an average middle school kid busy studying for the final exams to enter high school runs into a man running from someone and gets caught up in the chase. In all the confusion he gets accidentally killed. Luckily Birdy (an interplanetary agent) knows a way to save him, unfortunately that means joining bodies to become one. So now he is stuck with this officer and along for the ride capturing criminals and saving lives.
 Tsutomu, an average middle school kid busy studying for the final exams to enter high school runs into a man running from someone and gets caught up in the chase. In all the confusion he gets accidentally killed. Luckily Birdy (an interplanetary agent) knows a way to save him, unfortunately that means joining bodies to become one. So now he is stuck with this officer and along for the ride capturing criminals and saving lives.
 Federation investigator Birdy chases the space criminal Geega through space to Earth, where he hides in the entertainment industry under a human disguise. Birdy goes undercover herself, posing as famous model “Arita Shion” that often uses a ‘space girl’ look. A male student, Senkawa, stumbles upon a fight between the two one night in an abandoned building only to be severed in half as he is used as a shield by Geega against Birdy. Birdy heals him from imminent death in some fashion- but Senkawas body, and life, are now changed and permanently linked to Birdy.
 Birdy uses her pin-up alter ego to help Tsutomu make a love connection with Sayaka, but everything goes horribly wrong when a Federation marionette is added to the equation!
 Birdy and Tsutomu are still co-existing in the same body, as Birdy continues her duties as Federation Investigator and celebrity persona, and Tsutomu seeks to balance them with his normal everyday life. When a criminal group connected to the Ryunka incident escape from custody, hiding themselves and their alien identities on Earth, Birdy and Tsutomu are thrown back into action. It seems, however, that there are other forces involved, as well as old faces, which give Birdy time to reflect on the past, and the people that influenced her.
 In a man-made underground society, descendants of a banished generation vie for control of the crumbling city of Lux. Ichise, an orphan turned prize fighter, loses a leg and an arm to satisfy an enraged fight promoter. On the brink of death he is taken in by a young woman doctor and used as a guinea pig for the next evolution of Texhnolyze.With his new limbs, Ichise is taken under the wing of Oonishi, a powerful leader of Organ, an organization with some hold on Lux. As Ichise is drawn deeper into a war for territorial control of the city, he learns of his possible future from the young girl prophet Ran, who guides him from the shadows in his darkest times. With the explosion of the warfare, Ichise must uncover the truth about Lux and fight for his survival as he realizes his destiny.
 In a man-made underground society, descendants of a banished generation vie for control of the crumbling city of Lux. Ichise, an orphan turned prize fighter, loses a leg and an arm to satisfy an enraged fight promoter. On the brink of death he is taken in by a young woman doctor and used as a guinea pig for the next evolution of Texhnolyze. With his new limbs, Ichise is taken under the wing of Oonishi, a powerful leader of Organ, an organization with some hold on Lux. As Ichise is drawn deeper into a war for territorial control of the city, he learns of his possible future from the young girl prophet Ran, who guides him from the shadows in his darkest times. With the explosion of the warfare, Ichise must uncover the truth about Lux and fight for his survival as he realizes his destiny.
 A semi autobiography of Tezuka Osamu.Son-Gokuu is a monkey who was born from a stone and is endowed with magical powers. He gets carried away and goes on a rampage until at last Buddha confines him within Mt. Gogyo. Saved by Sanzohoshi, Son-Gokuu accompanies him on a journey to India. But on their way, monsters lie in wait for them.
 After living in Transylvania for several years, "Earl Dracula" (as Osamu Tezuka's official website calls him in English) has moved to Japan. In the Nerima Ward of Tokyo, he and his daughter, Chocola, and faithful servant Igor have taken up residence in an old-Western style house.While Chocola attends Junior High School, Earl Dracula is desperate to drink the blood of beautiful virgin women; an appropriate meal for a vampire of his stature. However, each night that Earl Dracula goes out on the prowl he finds himself getting involved in some kind of disturbance which leads to him causing various trouble for the local residents. With nobody in Japan believing in vampires, his very presence causes trouble amongst the people in town.
 Through the Italian National Broadcasting Network, Tezuka Osamu received an ardent request from the Vatican to make the Bible into animated form. This request was probably made to see how the Bible would be depicted by the non-Christian Tezuka Osamu. Tezuka Osamu accepted the request and spent an entire two years to complete a pilot film. It was about the mythology of Noah's ark, with the enthusiastic Tezuka Osamu not only writing the scenario but also drawing pictures by himself. During production, however, he unfortunately passed away, so Director Dezaki took over the film and completed it.
 Through the Italian National Broadcasting Network, Tezuka Osamu received an ardent request from the Vatican to make the Bible into animated form. This request was probably made to see how the Bible would be depicted by the non-Christian Tezuka Osamu. Tezuka Osamu accepted the request and spent an entire two years to complete a pilot film. It was about the mythology of Noah's ark, with the enthusiastic Tezuka Osamu not only writing the scenario but also drawing pictures by himself. During production, however, he unfortunately passed away, so Director Dezaki took over the film and completed it.(Source
 Tenou Utena is the handsome new student at Ohtori Academy, who, since her break-up with Student Body President Touga, has assumed the identity of a male. One day, she receives a ring from one of the roses in the schools garden and out of nowhere, a floating arena appears in the sky.The duel arena, where The Rose Bride, and the power to revolutionize the world awaits.
 Random adventures of Hello Kitty and other Sanrio's characters.
 Scamper is a penguin who loves to explore. With his friend Snowflake, he has wonderful adventures. They dicover together the wonders of thier world from a puppy called Cowboy and his owner a Scientist whom is studing the Antarctic enviorment. They also discover that not everything in their world is friendly when they get stranded far from home. Yet with luck and the brave Scamper in the lead anything can happen.
 A little koala and his friends have adventures together and learn lessons about the world while having a lot of fun.
 The Animatrix is a collection of several animated short films, detailing the backstory of the "Matrix" universe, and the original war between man and machines which led to the creation of the Matrix.
 1. Final Flight of the OsirisThe crew of the Osiris discover an army preparing to invade Zion. While one crew member races inside the Matrix to get the message to Zion, the others try desperately to buy her enough time while fighting off an onslaught of Sentinels they can't possibly defeat.2-3. The Second Renaissance Part 1 and 2Humans have created the ultimate AI, which is just as smart as they are. But complications arise when these robots and the humans try to exist peacefully, and eventually all-out war breaks out. The humans ultimately lose the war, and become trapped in the Matrix as seen in the live-action films.4. Kid's StoryA young man discovers that his world isn't real, that it's a computer-generated fantasy land created by robots using humans for energy. He escapes with the help of the hacker Neo. Based on the Matrix trilogy.5. ProgramCis and Duo engage in battle in a virtual recreation of Feudal Japan.6. World RecordWhile running the fastest race in his life, a champion track star breaks free of his computer-generated world for a small period of time. When he goes back to the real world, he has no memories and is placed in a nursing home. Based on the Matrix trilogy.7. BeyondWhile looking for her lost pet, a young woman meets up with some kids in Tokyo to play in a "haunted house," which is really a glitch in their computer world. Based on the Matrix trilogy.8. Detective StoryA detective named Ash is called upon by a mysterious organization to hunt down the notorious hacker Trinity.9. MatriculatedA group of scientists capture a robot and place it in a surreal fantasy world. When the robot's friends come in and kill most of the scientists; however, the robot and the last scientist remaining face isolation in the computer-generated world. Based on the Matrix trilogy.

 The hour long Asylum Session film is set in a distant future in which society has stagnated. The runaway teen girl Hiyoko, to be voiced by Aya Hirano (Haruhi Suzumiya, Konata in Lucky Star), takes up residence in a tent city nicknamed "Asylum" and becomes involved with the other young residents that launch a street culture festival called "The Asylum Sessions" to counter the plans of profiteer-minded police.
 This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. He’s joined on occasion by Robin and Batgirl. Black Mask, Killer Moth, the Everywhere Man, and a brand-new Clayface join The Joker, Penguin, and The Riddler in ceaselessly tormenting Gotham City. Can Batman stop them once and for all?
 This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. He’s joined on occasion by Robin and Batgirl. Black Mask, Killer Moth, the Everywhere Man, and a brand-new Clayface join The Joker, Penguin, and The Riddler in ceaselessly tormenting Gotham City. Can Batman stop them once and for all?
 This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. He’s joined on occasion by Robin and Batgirl. Black Mask, Killer Moth, the Everywhere Man, and a brand-new Clayface join The Joker, Penguin, and The Riddler in ceaselessly tormenting Gotham City. Can Batman stop them once and for all?
 This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. He’s joined on occasion by Robin and Batgirl. Black Mask, Killer Moth, the Everywhere Man, and a brand-new Clayface join The Joker, Penguin, and The Riddler in ceaselessly tormenting Gotham City. Can Batman stop them once and for all?
 This animated adventure series of Bruce Wayne, billionaire by day, crime fighter by night, starts as Wayne balances life as a free-wheeling bachelor, with his role as the Caped Crusader. He’s joined on occasion by Robin and Batgirl. Black Mask, Killer Moth, the Everywhere Man, and a brand-new Clayface join The Joker, Penguin, and The Riddler in ceaselessly tormenting Gotham City. Can Batman stop them once and for all?
 Batman faces off against the original creature of the night, Count Dracula, who has been unintentionally resurrected by the Penguin.
 During the catastrophe period, the great monk Chen Fan fell into the catastrophe, but he returned to his youth on earth. In the last life, I climbed to the top of the universe and overlooked the world, but I was not accompanied by anyone. In this life, I only wish to live up to my past and  my lord. Popular version

 Paradigm City is a place without a past. 40 years ago, something happened that wiped the memories of everyone in it. Unfortunately, the people of Paradigm City were very busy before then, making Megadueses (giant robots) and monsters. People who were born after the memory wipe are gaining/recovering memories of the past and using them to build newer threats. With the help of The Big O (a faithful giant robot), his butler Norman and the android Dorothy, Roger Smith keeps Paradigm City safe. As problems mount and more memories surface, Roger's past and Paradigm's future begin to become suspect...
 
 Amon is a boy who can control the wind. Branich, the ruler of the world, wants Amon's power to complete the ultimate weapon and sends his troops to capture the boy. Amon, using his talents, manages to give Branich the slip and runs away with Maria, one of the People of the Sea. Maria agrees to help Amon find his own tribe.
 Goldran follows the adventures of three young boys who are tasked with finding alien robot fighters, or Braves, that are sleeping in the form of crystals. Their major antagonist is the flamboyant and thoroughly incompetent Walter, and the villains that follow him are often similarly humorous.
 The main character of the story is Haru. Haru is a clueless, ordinary 17 year-old girl. She has no special abilities and neither is she an extraordinary beauty. When faced with reality, she is unable to make decisions for herself, thus often swaying to others' opinions to avoid challenge. One day, Haru saved the life of a cat without consideration of her own safety. The cat turned out to be the Cat Prince from the Kingdom of Cats, however as a result, Haru is trapped in the world of cats. Can Baron and Muta rescue Haru who has wandered in the world of cats?
 Haru Yoshioka is your ordinary high school girl who has trouble making decisions for herself. One day, she spots a strange cat crossing the road with a small present... and a truck headed straight for it! Haru doesn’t even stop to think before jumping in front of the truck and getting them both to safety.This one selfless act initiates a chain of events that sends Haru on an epic adventure. The cat she saved turns out to be no ordinary feline, but Lune, Prince of the Cats. In honour of her bravery and for saving his life, he offers to marry her. Haru mutters a reply which is taken to be a "yes", and for better or for worse, her fate is sealed.Alongside her cat companions Muta and the Baron, she's aided from above by a raven named Toto, and must travel to the cat world in order to rectify this misunderstanding. Her journey is tougher than it seems
 As the Clone Wars sweep through the galaxy, the heroic Jedi Knights struggle to maintain order and restore peace. More and more systems are falling prey to the forces of the dark side as the Galactic Republic slips further and further under the sway of the Separatists and their never-ending droid army. Anakin Skywalker and his Padawan learner Ahsoka Tano find themselves on a mission with far-reaching consequences, one that brings them face-to-face with crime lord Jabba the Hutt. But Count Dooku and his sinister agents, including the nefarious Asajj Ventress, will stop at nothing to ensure that Anakin and Ahsoka fail at their quest. Meanwhile, on the front lines of the Clone Wars, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Master Yoda lead the massive clone army in a valiant effort to resist the forces of the dark side...
 1. Slipstream
 1993
 Chiko, who had been leading a lonely life because of her parents death. Together with the Phantom Thief Nij?-Mens? (20-Faces), she sets out on a journey into the real world. She gradually changes as she encounters new friends and places. But strange events start happening revolving around the mystery of “Legacy of the 20-Faces”. So Chiko has to move forward, regardless on how checkered her life will become.
 It's been announced that a new Detective Conan anime special project is launching. The "astonishing collaboration" is titled "Edogawa Conan Shissou Jiken
 It is mid-December, and SOS Brigade chief Suzumiya Haruhi announces that the brigade is going to hold a Christmas party in their clubroom, with Japanese hotpot for dinner. The brigade members Kyon, Nagato Yuki,Asahina Mikuru and Koizumi Itsuki start preparing everything for the party, such as costumes and decorations. But a couple of days later, Kyon arrives at school only to find that Haruhi is missing. Not only that, but Mikuru claims she has never known Kyon before, Koizumi is also missing, and Yuki has become the sole member of the literature club. The SOS Brigade seems to have never existed, nor has Suzumiya Haruhi. No one in the school has ever heard about her... except for Kyon.Now it is up to him to travel back through time to find Haruhi and correct the temporal anomaly.
 A worthless youth with the title of ‘sleeping god’ had unlocked an outlandish martial arts from a blessing in disguise. From then on, a genius with incomparable strength, crushes the heavens and the earth, and split the stars with his sword, all other geniuses trembles at his feet.
 As a prince, he can't even handle a young girl? Immediately, he orders his men to find him the most popular books in the capital city. He believes by then she will be his.
 The story begins when the kingdom of Noigllado suddenly invades the small country of Azuelgatt and brings it to the brink of destruction. General Adnowell leads Noigllado’s troops against Azuelgatt’s final, remaining line of defense

 On January 7, 2021, Slam Dunk creator Takehiko Inoue announced that the series would be receiving a new animated movie.
 In the future, the planets are connected with a massive galactic railway system. The passengers of the railways are protected by two forces, the Space Panzer Grenadiers (SPG) and the Space Defense Force (SDF). This is the story of Manabu Yuuki, a new member of the Sirius Platoon within the SDF.He and his new crewmates meld together as a team through their dealings with escaped criminals, meteors, hostile aliens, a time vortex, ghosts and terrorists before defending mankind from its greatest peril yet.
 The story begins on planet Destiny, which claimed to be where the center of the Universe is, where all the terminals of "The Galaxy Railways" are gathered. The main character, Yuuki Manabu (20 years old), carrying on his dead Father and Brother`s will, joined SDF (Space Defense Force) to protect the safety of the Galaxy Railways. SDF, in order to uphold the reputation of maintaining the best transportation schedules within the Universe, deals with accidents, natural disasters, rescue operations, space pirates along all lines of the railway. Layla Destiny Shura is a mysterious beauty unifying SDF and all lines on The Galaxy Railways.She possesses the ability to see the destiny of planets, human beings and living things. Even though possessing such powers, she, being a "Guardian of Destiny", is unable to tell passengers leaving this station what difficulties lies ahead of them. However, appearances of those who uses evil powers to change the destinies of these travelers triggers another of her hidden ability. "Destiny is changed by the individual`s oneself. Tomorrow`s happiness is grabbed by the individual`s own hands." In what manner will Yuuki`s destiny be seen by Layla? And, how will Yuuki deal with his destiny amidst the greatest crisis approaching The Galaxy Railways?
 The story begins on planet Destiny, which claimed to be where the center of the Universe is, where all the terminals of "The Galaxy Railways" are gathered. The main character, Yuuki Manabu (20 years old), carrying on his dead Father and Brother`s will, joined SDF (Space Defense Force) to protect the safety of the Galaxy Railways. SDF, in order to uphold the reputation of maintaining the best transportation schedules within the Universe, deals with accidents, natural disasters, rescue operations, space pirates along all lines of the railway. Layla Destiny Shura is a mysterious beauty unifying SDF and all lines on The Galaxy Railways.She possesses the ability to see the destiny of planets, human beings and living things. Even though possessing such powers, she, being a "Guardian of Destiny", is unable to tell passengers leaving this station what difficulties lies ahead of them. However, appearances of those who uses evil powers to change the destinies of these travelers triggers another of her hidden ability. "Destiny is changed by the individual`s oneself. Tomorrow`s happiness is grabbed by the individual`s own hands." In what manner will Yuuki`s destiny be seen by Layla? And, how will Yuuki deal with his destiny amidst the greatest crisis approaching The Galaxy Railways?
 We have met, for each of us to walk forward.Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches...
 Lin Manyu did not expect that the original marriage with the Long family that everyone envied caused a terrible disaster, and 50 lives were lost. Hiding in the corpse, she gritted her teeth and vowed to the endless name of the dragon! With her hair cut and her breasts cut, Lin Jiao, the delicate girl of the Lin family, died. Only Lin Manchu was born again at this moment. Whenever there is a troubled time, just stay focused, do n’t kill blood, and swear not to be human! Long Qi, wait for me to die!
 The power to travel through time... It can be used for the good of humanity, or just selfishly abused. While many may fantasize about obtaining such a power, it has become nothing less than reality for otherwise-normal schoolgirl Konno Makoto.After a fated event, her life takes a turn for the extraordinary. Though she initially uses her power to literally "leap" into the past and change little things in order to make her life easier, she soon has to face the fact that changing the past can have drastic consequences.
 This is an era full of aura, and a world where the immortals gather. The young Wu Fu returned from a reunion, and looking at his eyes, how calm he was. What I need to do is to raise the sword and clear all the enemies of the last
 It all began as a fighting tournament to seek out for the best fighter among all high school students in Korea. Mori Jin, a Taekwondo specialist and a high school student, soon learns that there is something much greater beneath the stage of the tournament.
 It all began as a fighting tournament to seek out for the best fighter among all high school students in Korea. Mori Jin, a Taekwondo specialist and a high school student, soon learns that there is something much greater beneath the stage of the tournament.
 Three unbroadcasted exclusive Special shorts of Gregory Horror Show (presented as bonus videos on the first series DVDs volumes 1-3 in Japan only), containing stories featuring Gregory himself as a guide, giving his commentary and thoughts on each of the guests in the hotel, also displaying paintings based around the said guests.
 Shou and his friend, Tetsurou, stumble upon a strange orb-like mechanism, the Guyver Unit, in the woods. It physically bonds with Shou and turns him into the alien soldier, Guyver. His mission is to protect the Guyver Unit from the Japanese corporation known as Chronos. They are after it and two other units just like it. To retrieve the object, they send out vicious monsters known as Zoanoids. So no one is safe in Shou's life; not even himself.
 "During the blood-soaked feudal wars of Japan, the Awa clan faced certain extinction from a rival clan backed by demonic forces. Their clan's salvation becomes a curse when the family dog brings back the head of the enemy warlord but insists upon marrying the lord's daughter! This unnatural union bears fruit, but they are killed; and their eight unborn pups reincarnate as the eight Dog Warriors - The Hakkenden. The eight reincarnated souls travel their separate paths of violence and retribution, but slowly they come together as a formidable group representing the eight virtues of the bushido to slay the demons and redeem their clan!"
 Second part of The Hakkenden.
 With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.
 With help from a 102-year-old goblin dwelling beneath their haunted apartment building, two siblings deal with ghosts and take on spooky mysteries.

 The arduous struggle of the 13 girls from Talent Production 765 who dream of one day becoming idols in the competitive Japanese entertainment industry.
 Based on the [email protected] mobile game Cinderella Girls.
 Second season of The [email protected] Cinderella Girls.
 Unaired episode bundled with the ninth Blu-ray and DVD volume of The [email protected] Cinderella Girls.
 The [email protected] Cinderella Girls 8th anniversary special promotional film.
 It's time to pull back the curtain on a new Cinderella Girls story! Hardworking girls and up-and-coming producers team up to shoot for the stars and become the next big idol! Between their gorgeous outfits, electrifying performances, and distractingly handsome princes, these aspiring idols have a lot to deal with.
 The series had a three-part theatrical pre-screening in Japan starting on August 18th, 2023. Regular broadcast began in October 2023.
 The series had a three-part theatrical pre-screening in Japan starting in October 2023. Regular broadcast began in April 2024.
 New anime episodes released with each of the three [email protected] Shiny Festa PSP games (Honey Sound, Funky Note, and Groovy Tune).
 Based on Bandai Namco Entertainment's digital idol-training card game.
 A TV anime adaptation of The [email protected] SideM Wake Atte Mini!, The [email protected] SideM franchise's chibi style character-featured official spin-off manga illustrated by Sumeragi, is set to premiere on Tokyo MX and BS 11 on October 9, 2018.
 She is the queen of racing and the queen of the night! Because of an accident, she has to pretend as a rich woman who is unconscious. The first task she needs to face is her fiance! Wait! This man, isn't that jerk!
 When a cocky industrialist's efforts to raise an ancient Chinese temple leads him to be seriously wounded and captured by enemy forces, he must use his ideas for a revolutionary power armor in order to fight back as a superhero.
 A boy makes friends with an innocent alien giant robot that a paranoid government agent wants to destroy.
 After his parents died, Mowgli is raised by the Wolf Pack of the Seeonee Forest led by Akela and other wild animals such as Bagheera and Baloo. The young boy goes through several heartwarming, bittersweet, and life-threatening adventures as he seeks after his true purpose in life. And one of many dangers he has to face is the man-eating tiger, Shere Khan...
 Transfer student, Aoba Shunsuke, arrived at Sunshine School only to find the premises empty. He was secretly gleeful to be the first to reach the school, oblivious to the fact that it was Foundation Day and a rest day for the institution. At that moment, a big-sized "L"(Eru) beauty by the name of Natsumi appeared before him and the two of them hit off together even though Shunsuke was so much smaller than her. Shunsuke's mother runs a women's apparel busines but the shop is in need of manpower.Shunsuke offers to help out at the shop but fumbles a lot because he does not know how to interact with the ladies. Eru decides to step in and help out around the shop and this pleases Shunsuke's mother. This is a romance story that shares the joys and woes of the "SL" combi between Shunsuke and Eru.
 Song An is a down-and-out programmer at the bottom of the social chain. His daily work consists of fixing bugs for a game called [New World]. However, he secretly adds his own little Easter eggs in the game. Suddenly, the game somehow became reality. He has to rely on his understanding of the bugs in the game and the Easter eggs he had set up. Can Song An successfully counterattack?
 CG anime adaptation of The King of Fighters fighting game franchise.
 Zuo Tian Cheng is the last living human in a mutated zombie-infested city. Just when he was sure he'd died, he finds his soul returned to just before that ill-fated day ten years ago. He swears he'll protect the people important to him this time round and reunite with his past lover. Watch his struggles to survive equipped with his memory of the next ten years!
 If you have seven days left in your life. What do you want to do? T he death notice issued by the skybound death bureau experiment is as short as seven days, whether you have ever lived at the top of the world or struggled at the edge of life. There is always stumbling, always miss, always regret... It doesn't really matter how you die; How to live is the point.
 Kousuke Ueki, a student of the Hinokuni Junior High School, is picked by a God Candidate, Koba-sen, to participate in a competition where people battle out to become God and only the strongest will prevail. Embodied with the ability to turn garbage into trees, Kousuke will be joining in the battle against other junior high school students in this selection. This sets the premise for the earth-friendly battle where the students will pit their powers against the rest.
 Ryuta and his friends from the science club visit a museum exhibit on Thomas Edison and it's there they learn about one of his proposed inventions called the "spirit phone" which would enable communication with the deceased. Later that day they bump into a shaman who claims she has a message from Edison. In an instant Ryuta is given the necessary knowledge he needs to construct the device and decides to go for it, so begining a spiritual adventure.
 Ryuta and his friends from the science club visit a museum exhibit on Thomas Edison and it's there they learn about one of his proposed inventions called the "spirit phone" which would enable communication with the deceased. Later that day, they bump into a shaman who claims she has a message from Edison. In an instant Ryuta is given the necessary knowledge he needs to construct the device and decides to go for it, so beginning a spiritual adventure.
 The second title in the series of anime films by the Happy Science religion.
 The Leader will talk about how Marx met his wife Jenny and their thwarted love story, as well as his friendship with Friedrich Engels, his close companion and co-author of the Communist Manifesto.
 Oji Tanaka has a wife, a child and a mundane job as a salary man in Tokyo's modern society. But life wasn't dull for him to begin with; 15 years ago, he was known as "Gabriel", leader of a short-lived heavy metal band called Black Heaven. Oji's life gets a sudden change in direction when he is invited by a mysterious blonde woman named Layla to pick up his Gibson Flying V and once again display his "legendary" guitar skills, not knowing that his music generates power for a massive weapon in an intergalactic war.
 Eiyuu Densetsu
 Septian Calendar Year 1205.Lavi was born in North Ambria, the poorest region in the northwestern Zemuria. She enlists in the Northern Jaegers, the largest in the continent, to protect her hometown and distinguish herself from her grandfather Vlad, who was once a hero but betrayed North Ambria. Her devotion to her missions often earned her violations of regulations, and one day, she is ordered to assemble a platoon with Martin, Iseria, and Talion for an impossible spy mission to Erebonia to gather information on the "Imperial Hero" a mysterious threat to North Ambria.
 The story is a fictionalized version of Japan’s 89th prime minister, Junichirou Koizumi. In this political parody, Koizumi plays a special form of “mahjong diplomacy” against foreign adversaries such as George W. Bush, Kim Jong-il, Vladimir Putin, Margaret Thatcher, and others
 Book One
 Book Two
 Book Three
 Book Four is set three years after the previous season. It deals with Avatar Korra's journey of self-discovery following the physical and psychological injuries she incurred in the fight with Zaheer, and with unrest in the Earth Kingdom where Kuvira, formerly an officer in Suyin Beifong's service, seeks to seize power by military force.
 I found a strange black knife, I also bumped unexpectedly into a cute girl. It changed my fate completely. It was the end of my boring and steady life of this summer of solidarity. It was a new exciting world. Time to fight to change my fate!
 Snow White was a very happy princess, until the day her stepmother, the Queen Christelle, finally reveals her personality and wants to kill the girl. Snow White flees from the castle and got lost in the woods, where she meets seven dwarfs.
 Synopsis 
 The Legend of Sword Domain 2nd Season.
 Raina Lute is a lazy student of Roland Empire Royal Magician’s school. One day, Roland Empire goes to war against a neighboring country Estaboole, and he lost his classmates in the battle. After the war, Lute sets out for a journey to search the relics of a “Legendary Hero” at Emperor Zion Astar’s command. And he finds out a deadly curse spreading the continent.
 Because of framed by her trusted friends, she was forced to jump off the cliff but did not die. When she opened her eyes again, she found that she had been reborn to a poor girl in ancient times. The girl was stunned by her father’s abuse, just because her father wanted her to marry Lord Nine who had a bad reputation, but she didn’t want to.
 Each episode of Zelda followed the adventures of the hero Link and the royal Princess Zelda as they defended the kingdom of Hyrule from an evil wizard named Ganon. Most episodes consisted of Ganon (or his minions) either attempting to capture the Triforce of Wisdom from Zelda, kidnap Zelda herself, or use another method to conquer Hyrule. Link and Zelda are in some episodes assisted and accompanied by a fairy-princess, Sprite.
 Diego Vega returns from his study trip to discover his homeland is under the army's dictatorship. Diego, refusing to watch idly, disguises himself as Zorro to protect the weak and oppressed. Diego is not a coward but he is unable to win the affections of his sweetheart, Lolita, who is attracted to other more noble men. Diego serenades Lolita as Zorro and fights the evils of his homeland, hoping to capture her heart.
 Marina, the most beautiful mermaid in the royal Merman family, is curious about the human world. One day, she sees a handsome prince on a boat. Suddenly, a storm comes up, throwing him into the sea. Marina saves her handsome prince and guides him to the shore. Marina falls deeply in love and desperately wants to become a human. Despite the hazards, she is willing to risk it all for love.

 On the first day of high school a beautiful girl named Haruhi Suzumiya introduces herself as having “no interest in ordinary humans”. She asks for any aliens, time travelers, sliders or espers to join her. Watching her weird behaviour is Kyon who sits in front of Haruhi and is the only person who talks to her.When Kyon comments about Haruhi’s joining every club in school and then quitting he unwittingly gives Haruhi an idea to start her own after school club. Thereafter Kyon and several others find themselves dragged, literally, into the Save our world by Overloading it with fun Suzumiya Haruhi’s Brigade (the S.O.S. Brigade for short). Genre
 Kyon, your typical high school student, has long given up his belief in the supernatural. However, upon meeting Haruhi Suzumiya, he quickly finds out that it is the supernatural that she is interested in; aliens, time travelers and espers among other things. When Haruhi laments about the lack of intriguing clubs around school, Kyon inspires Haruhi to form her own club. As a result, the SOS Brigade is formed, a club which specializes in all that is the supernatural.Much to his chagrin, Kyon, along with the silent bookworm, Yuki Nagato, the shy and timid Mikuru Asahina, and the perpetually smiling Itsuki Koizumi, are recruited as members. The story follows the crazy adventures that these four endure under their whimsical leader, Haruhi. The story is based on the light novels by Nagaru Tanigawa.


 1532. Esteban (12) is a foundling from Barcelona, with a mysterious power of ordering the Sun to appear, for which he is called "Child of the Sun". Upon the death of his adoptive father, Esteban learns he was rescued as a baby from a sinking ship in the ocean. The mysterious medallion that Esteban wears since ever has a trace somewhere in the New World, probably coming from the Mysterious Cities of Gold. Esteban leaves Spain to find his parents and find out who he is. On the way he meets Zia, an Inca girl who was kidnapped from her people years back and has exactly the same medallion as him. Later on they are joined by Tao, a young Galapagos robinson, the last descendant of the Empire of Heva, an Empire said to have built the Cities of Gold. Following Coyolite, the shining star represented on their medallions, the three children travel through the unexplored New World, searching for the Cities of Gold, believing that this way is leading them to their lost parents.
 The film takes place in 201X, when the newly-formed Empire of Godom is threatening to take over the world by using mysterious technology offered to them by Chan Reika, the mysterious female president of a trading company. The protagonist of the film Shishimaru Shou is the one man who has the mystical technology that can stop the Empire of Godom, but after being hunted down by the Empire, he is saved by mysterious Indians, who tell him about a prophecy about the second coming of a savior.
 Shotaro had become an Interpol agent, working with Branch Robo, the antirobot crime unit of that organization. He still employs Tetsujin.
 In Japan an “All Star Team” is being formed, containing the 50 best tennis players from the entire country.
 In Japan an “All Star Team” is being formed, containing the 50 best tennis players from the entire country.
 Trash? Ugly girl? None exists --- when everyone looks with disdain and ridicule, who can expect that a sick and frail girl's body contains the soul of an absolute immortal.
 In an alternate timeline, Japan was divided after losing World War II

 The drunken her had misjudged the handsome him. The alcohol burned passionately and she felt empty after exhausting all of her ecstacy. Unfortunately, he had seeded her. This encounter forced her to leave oversea and they met again many years later. As the son of the hacker and the scammer from a prostitute, he became an enemy of the evil managing director father and a kind-hearted mother who would not bad an eye when she speaks. He, who possesses high IQ and EQ, had setup a delicate plan to fight against the handsome and beautiful people in terms of brains and brawls. He will show them what he is capable of!
 Seigaku travels to England to play a tournament representing Japan but they are attacked by a group of street tennis players who were banned from playing official tournaments because of their rough play.
 "Ryoma's brother?! Here comes Ryoga Echizen!"A conspiracy involving the members of the Aogaku tennis team takes place on a cruise ship. The ship sails along the Pacific, carrying a group of high profile celebrities from all over the world, enjoying their vacations. Among these flamboyant crowds are the members of the Aogaku tennis team, who have been cordially invited to play in the Exhibition Match on the cruise, hosted by a fanatic tennis-lover millionaire, Hikomaro Sakurafubuki.While the members are prepping for the match for the next day, a group of opponents walk up. Ryoma is cold and blunt as usual. But he is encountered by a boy who calls himself Ryoga Echizen, and says that he is Ryoma's elder brother. Everybody is flabbergasted, including Ryoma himself.That night, Tezuka and Oishi are called to Sakurafubuki's room and asked to lose the match tomorrow. The Exhibition Match turns out to be an illegal event, where the rich guests bet millions on the players. Threatened by Sakurafubuki to conspire in the gamble, the team hesitates having nowhere to get away to except for the ocean. Tezuka on the other hand refuses to give in, but what about the rest of the team? What about Ryoma?
 Seigaku continues their road to winning the National Championship, but only the best schools remain as they'll have to go toe-to-toe with old rivals and new foes in the National Tournament.
 As a beautiful daughter of the noble family del Moral, Fana was proposed to by Prince Carlo, who is the crown prince of their country Levamme. However, since Levamme is at war with Amatsuvian, the marriage had to wait until the war ends. Meanwhile, as a bestado, the lowest caste in Levamme, Karino Charles had always dreamed of flying and eventually became the ace pilot of the San Maltilia air force. Although he was often mistreated, a glorious chance came about when the Amatsuvian bombarded del Moral's home in order to get rid of the future empress. Charles was then entrusted with the top secret mission of delivering the princess to the prince of Levamme.

 After THE REFLECTION, some of the people in all parts of the world are discovered with super powers.Some become heroes, and others villains.How did the Reflection happen? What was the cause of it?With many unsolved mysteries, the world is lead into turmoil.
 After The Reflection, some of the people in all parts of the world are discovered with super powers. Some become heroes, and others villains. How did the Reflection happen? What was the cause of it? With many unsolved mysteries, the world is led into turmoil.
 Wu Ran, known as the number one trash, accidentally activated the treasure of heaven and earth, the holy soul dice system, during a battle and was seriously injured. He obtained the strange and eccentric dice skills, rescued the little master, and defeated the female immortal cultivator Nisha. Nisha, a female immortal cultivator, has a heart of admiration for him. And to take Wu Ran back to the sect. Nisha, a female immortal cultivator, joins forces with the White Dragon King to attack the earth’s cities, hoping to obtain the treasure of the universe. In the end, Wu Ran defeated Nisha and guarded the earth’s city.
 Ten years after the Great Tokyo War, each prefecture in Japan has split up into independent nations. Each nation is ruled by a prophet called "Mosa" and an army called "Mob" as they start to compete to take over other countries. Four "Mob" girls from the Saitama clan, Nozomi, Yukina, Ai, and Chiaya, are ordered by their "Mosa" to travel around Japan riding their motorcycles to mediate multiple battles between nations and clans as they emerge.
 The animation tells the story of Xiao Shuai who has gone into a cool running world by accident and is embroiled in a dispute between parkour colleges.
 The story takes place after an abominable war that foisted a “devil’s contract” upon a land. Cecily Campbell, a former noble’s daughter who joined a knighthood, encounters a man who dispatches some hoodlums with one sweep of a mysterious sword.The man possesses the power of the same “devil’s contract” that has become taboo, now that peace has been restored. Cecily has been searching for a blacksmith who can repair an old sword she inherited from her father, and that mysterious young man happens to be blacksmith named Luke. This encounter launches their adventures together.
 Once upon a time, there was a tragic war, in which the power of the devils was involved. After the war, the devils' power was banned and the world was restored to peace. Cecily Campbell is a knight, who has been looking for a blacksmith to repair her old sword given by her father. One day, she saw a man fighting with a ruffian who used the tabooed devil's power. The man defeated him with one blow of his weirdly shaped sword. The man turned out to be a blacksmith called Luke. The fateful encounter was the beginning of the adventure.
 Sixteen-year-old high school student Takeshi Chimatsuri has devoted his life to being a master samurai like his father was. Then one day, the Toki twins, two ninja sisters he's known since childhood, transfer to his school and issue him a challenge to take back their family dagger from him. Unfortunately for him, they have discovered his one weakness
 Sixteen-year-old high school student Takeshi Chimatsuri has devoted his life to being a master samurai like his father was. Then one day, the Toki twins, two ninja sisters he's known since childhood, transfer to his school and issue him a challenge to take back their family dagger from him. Unfortunately for him, they have discovered his one weakness
 Arrietty, a tiny but tenacious 14-year-old, lives with her parents in the recesses of a suburban garden home, unbeknownst to the homeowner and her housekeeper. Like all little people, Arrietty remains hidden from view, except during occasional covert ventures beyond the floorboards to "borrow" scrap supplies like sugar cubes from her human hosts. But when 12-year-old Shou, a human boy who comes to stay in the home, discovers his mysterious housemate one evening, a secret friendship blossoms. If discovered, their relationship could drive Arrietty's family from the home and straight into danger.
 Set in an alternate history of Japan, freelance photographer Minagami Hayato returns to his hometown of Ootomo to investigate rumors of a man wearing a skull mask committing murders there. Once in the city, he discovers connections between the victims and a local pharmaceutical company, a new religious sect, and strange half human, half animal creatures. Along with a young photographer, he decides to find out who the Skull Man really is.
 After experiencing several major wars, people have finally obtained peace. However, they are unable to appreciate peace without contemplating war and death from a safe distance. Therefore, they make a show business out of war. In this staged war, those who must fight each other are children called "Killdre". They remain forever young until they die in the sky.Kannami Yuichi is stationed at Uris, a frontline base in Europe. He has no memories of the past prior to arriving there, but he knows he is a Killdre, and knows how to operate a fighter.Yuichi's ability is soon acknowledged and he becomes an ace pilot. Then, he meets a girl, Kusanagi Suito, a commander of the base, who is also a Killdre and used to be an ace pilot as well. Although they are meeting for the first time, they feel as if they had known each other for a long time and soon they become close. However, one day, she asks him a surprising thing







 In "a certain era" on "a certain continent," banal things are happening. The construction of "Large-Scale Leisure Facilities" has demanded that all the villages are to be evicted. When these demands are denied, the village and its residents are obliterated. A boy named Chap once lived in tranquility, but that happiness soon came crumbling down. He decides to embark on a journey of revenge, but soon falls madly in love with the king's daughter, Princess Melora. In order to fulfill her selfish wishes, he gathers his friends in order to overcome the impossible.
 The Snack World follows a ragtag group of friends who embark on an adventure together. They live in a land similar to traditional fantasy settings but with certain modern twists like cell phones and convenience stores.
 Kyousuke Date comes home one night and finds his mother dying in a pool of her own blood. In her final moments, she stabs him in the chest. After a swift recovery, Kyousuke searches for answers regarding his mother's motives, but finds more than he bargained for when he is attacked by two rival organizations
 As a lawyer back on earth, Lin Yun had never lost a case. He owed his success to three things
 A young man named Tokio, who lives with his parents, takes in a kitten. She has trouble winning over Tokio's mother, who is allergic to cats.Chibineko is heartbroken when Toshio falls in love with a girl he meets in the park. Then she meets the handsome, silvery cat, Raphael, who explains that she and Toshio can never really be together.
 Cinderella is the only daughter of a fairly wealthy family. When her mother dies, his father marries a widow with 2 daughters then goes travelling for business. Cinderella eventually becomes the slave of her stepmother and stepsisters. The Prince on the other hand, lives a boring life in the castle and one day escapes and pretends to be a commoner.Cinderella meets him through an accidental bump and becomes his bestfriend not knowing that he really is the prince. There are other twists to this tale including another villain in the person of the king's right hand who is plotting to take over the throne once he eliminates the prince. After a series of events and stories told, the castle holds a Royal ball for the prince to be able to choose a wife. Every maiden in the kingdom receives an invitation. When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from her pets dog, mice, cat and birds, and from her Fairy Godmother.
 A two-week summer vacation has turned out to be a long struggle for survival.“The Story of 15 Boys” is based on "Deux Ans de Vacances", a unique masterpiece and the only novel that Jules Verne wrote especially for children. Now this story has been animated through the use of leading-edge techniques.A drifting sailboat carrying 15 boys is overtaken by a storm and cast ashore on a desert island, where the fifteen boys begin their struggle. Their tough days-full of danger, thrills and fear-drive the boys to distress at times, but also shape them into strong independent people.The boys' extraordinary experiences on the island will bring to all young viewers the excitement that they always dream of experiencing themselves.
 Chen Fan, a great cultivator during the tribulation period, fell into the calamity, but dreamed of returning to the earth for five hundred years as a young man. Chen Fan, who returned to the earth era, decided to re-study in a down-to-earth way, to solidify his foundation, and at the same time make up for his previous regrets, help his past life to heal his stubborn illness, and help his classmates overcome difficulties and succeed in the examination, and finally find his partner to grow up with. story.

 After years of hard work on the mountain, Yang Yunfan, a genius of medicine and Taoism, went down the mountain to look for Bai Fumei’s fiancee, but was neglected by his fiancee and dismissed as a hillbilly.
 Ye Cangxuan, the grandmaster of Body-strengthening Cultivation died while passing through the Eternal Heavenly Tribulation. When he wakes up again, he becomes mortal and returns to the sect he founded. This time, the invincible grandmaster is set to punish the villains and restore his godly might!
 The story takes place in the post-modern urban world of TianNeng Lu Xing, where special powers, cultivation, technology and all kinds of strange and bizarre elements exist. The main character, CHEN Ping, is the weakest profession of the card master apart from the advanced professions such as Seal Master, Holy Light Master, Sword Cultivator, Shadow Master, Mechanic and Elemental Master. In the end, it is precisely Chen Ping who is promoted to Seal Master and becomes the strongest Seal Master on the land planet, leading everyone to explore the underground ruins, find the root cause of the ” zombie ” and protect the world peace.

 5.90Ranked #9709Popularity #8293Members 4,045OVAPierrotAdd to ListSelectEpisodes

 Hong Zheng was born a genius with ancient divine blood, but he was framed to death by his childhood sweetheart and best friend and was robbed of his divine blood. Ten years later, he comes back to life with the power of dragons. Going Through the Dragon body metamorphosis and cultivating golden bones, he becomes invincible once again! This time, he will trample on all of his enemies to death! “I will kill all those who offend me and defies my will! As the Dragon Emperor, I will reign supreme in all the heavens and earth!”
 In the distant future, because of an interplanetary war that had continued on for centuries, civilizations were ruined. Human beings have lost everything, and only 1/5th of the population survived. A strange breed of humans, ''The Third'' is said to have appeared just after the war. They possess a third eye, as their name suggests, that appear as oval-shaped red pupils called "space eyes'' over their conventional two eyes. Using them, they can control computer systems and so on, and as such, rule the world by their superior power over technology.In this world, there is a young woman named Honoka; she is a "jack-of-all-trades" sellsword, and she accepts any job except murder. One day, she happens to find and rescue a young man named Ikus in the desert. Entering his world, and accepting a job from him, the adventure begins for Honoka and Ikus.
 In the distant future, because of an interplanetary war that had continued on for centuries, civilizations were ruined. Human beings have lost everything, and only 1/5th of the population survived. A strange breed of humans, ''The Third'' is said to have appeared just after the war. They possess a third eye, as their name suggests, that appear as oval-shaped red pupils called "space eyes'' over their conventional two eyes. Using them, they can control computer systems and so on, and as such, rule the world by their superior power over technology.In this world, there is a young woman named Honoka; she is a "jack-of-all-trades" sellsword, and she accepts any job except murder. One day, she happens to find and rescue a young man named Ikus in the desert. Entering his world, and accepting a job from him, the adventure begins for Honoka and Ikus.
 Yoko Nakajima, an unhappy high school student, is one day suddenly faced with a strange man who swears allegiance to her. After a battle with demon-like beasts, he then takes her to another world along with two of her classmates.There, her appearance has changed and she can understand the language even though her classmates cannot. But their status as “Kaikyaku” (people who come from Earth) makes them hunted fugitives, so they wander the land of the 12 countries, simply trying to survive and to figure out the reason why they were brought to this world. Genre
 As the spiritual energy of the Divine Enlightenment continent revives, demons are wreaking havoc and countless forces are falling apart, sweeping across the continent and leaving the human race in decline. Qin Feng, a divine alchemist who was framed and reduced to a martial arts wastrel, returns to his youth and uses the advantages of his previous life to advance his martial arts cultivation. In this life, he will not let history repeat itself, vowing to protect those he loves, eliminate all evil, and reach the top of the world as never before!
 Lin Xiu returned to civilization confident and proud after training with a master who cannot be named on a celestial island cut off from the real world. In his quest to uphold justice, he courageously picks fights with elites in the community wreaking havoc among the rich and the powerful. Be it ghosts, spirits, or seniors of the daoist association, he is fearless. Will the little girl Xiao Tong stay a little girl as she accompanies him on his journey to track down the rest of his friends from the orphanage they once shared?
 Summary

 Blinky Bill is back to bring his trademark mischief, mayhem, and humour to life. Along with his best mate and sidekick Jacko, Blinky takes on the role as defender of his outback home, Greenpatch.
 Jirou dreams of flying and designing beautiful airplanes, inspired by the famous Italian aeronautical designer Caproni. Nearsighted from a young age and thus unable to become a pilot, Jirou joins the aircraft division of a major Japanese engineering company in 1927. His genius is soon recognized, and he grows to become one of the world's most accomplished airplane designers.Key historical events deeply affected the course of Jirou's life, including the great Kanto earthquake of 1923, the Great Depression, the tuberculosis epidemic, and Japan's plunge into war. He meets and falls in love with Naoko, grows and cherishes his friendship with his colleague Honjou, and innovates tremendously, leading the aviation world into the future.
 The story begins with Vesemir saving a noble child from a leshen in a forest in Kaedwen. Before dying, the creature says something in an archaic elven dialect to Vesemir, leading him to think it was controlled by someone.
 A captivating completely animated version of a timeless classic, The Wizard of Oz. Journey downt he yellow brick road along side Dorothy, her little dog Toto, the Scarecrow, the Tin Woodsman, and of course the Cowardly Lion as they search for the great and powerful Oz. On their their way , they are interrupted by the Witch of the West. her wolf and crow henchmen, bot Dorothy and her friends rise above their evil and discover the Wizard and Aileen Quinn as Dorothy, this joyful adaption is well suited for young children (back of vhs)
 Based on The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900), The Marvelous Land of Oz, Ozma of Oz, and The Emerald City of Oz (1900-1920) by L. Frank Baum (1856-1919).
 Keima Katsuragi is an avid galge gamer known at his school as “Otamega” (a derogatory term combining the words Otaku and Megane) and on the internet a “The Capturing God.”
 2010
 Dating sim master Keima Katsuragi wants nothing more than to immerse himself in the 2D world, chasing digital girlfriends. But when the so-called "Capturing God" answers a mysterious email from an unknown sender, Keima finds himself chasing down real-life ladies in an attempt to help the peppy demon Elsie de Lute Irma capture "lost souls" escaped from the depths of hell. Now, lest the explosive collar around his neck detonate, Keima must convince various girls to fall in love with him in order to scare out the souls hiding in their hearts.
 Katsuragi is back, and together with Elsie the hunt for loose souls continues on. This time however, they are joined by Elsie's friend and fellow Demon, Haqua.
 Keima Katsuragi is an avid galge gamer known at his school as “Otamega” (a derogatory term combining the words Otaku and Megane) and on the internet a “The Capturing God.” One day he receives an e-mail offering him a contract to “capture” girls.
 2013
 After releasing fourteen girls from the grasps of runaway spirits by making them fall in love with him, Keima has proven himself to be the Capturing God of both the 2D and 3D worlds! But a new challenge awaits as Diana, the goddess possessing Keima's neighbor Tenri, tasks him to find her siblings, and his only clue to their whereabouts resides with past conquests who still retain their memories. Now Keima is on the hunt in hopes that these divine beings might finally release him from his contract with Hell. But with the shadowy organization known as Vintage out to kill these girls, it becomes a race against time to put a stop to their plans and restore these goddesses to their former power!
 Keima Katsuragi is an avid galge gamer known at his school as “Otamega” (a derogatory term combining the words Otaku and Megane) and on the internet a “The Capturing God.” One day he receives an e-mail offering him a contract to “capture” girls.
 2011
 The citizens of Turkey's Hill model a bizzare American-esque town and engage in non-sequitur behavior.
 Iizuka Kazuto is a 14 year old boy who meets a somewhat weird but cute and charming girl named Narue Nanase who claims she is an Alien. The show is about the trials and tribulations of the young couple as they get to know each other.
 Meet Narue, an adorable schoolgirl with a secret. She's really an alien with powers right out of a sci-fi comic! But growing up is never easy, and sometimes it doesn't help when you're from outer space. Join our spunky heroine as she faces androids, alien invaders, and her first date with the boy next door. It's the sci-fi comedy that's a direct hit to your heart!
 Tosh is a girl-crazy 9-year-old boy who lives in a small town with his rather eccentric family. He'll do *anything* to melt the heart of his latest crush...and this often gets him into terrible, terrible trouble.
 A robot rebels against its creators, refusing to kill, and goes on the run.
 The first animated Ultraman series.
 The plot revolves around Doki, a female rabbit, meeting, falling in love with, and chasing Nabi, a male cat, in a world where love between the two species is socially unacceptable. The theme of the short is that all love can be accepted and has a chance. Nabi attempts to cure Doki's infatuation for him, but after seeing the extent of her love, he gives in and finds something he can appreciate in her.
 The story is a comedy about Lucius, an architect of public bath houses in ancient Rome, who time-travels to various modern-day baths in Japan. The author explores the two cultures in the world “that have loved baths the most
 The story is a comedy about Lucius, an architect of public bath houses in ancient Rome, who time-travels to various modern-day baths in Japan. The author explores the two cultures in the world "that have loved baths the most
 Lucius Modestus, an ancient Roman architect, finds himself job-hunting due to having trouble coming up with new ideas. As his demeanor and personality become dismal, his friends try taking him to a bathhouse for him to relax. Unable to unwind in the bustling and crowded bath, Lucius dips his head in the water. Down there, he finds a secret tunnel that transports him to a modern-day Japanese bathhouse, providing him the inspiration he needed to make a new creation.Loaded with what seems to be knowledge way ahead of his time, Lucius does his best to try and recreate his findings, usually inferior in quality due to his circumstances. However, the sheer ingenuity may be just enough to gain the attention of the citizens and regain his reputation as an architect.
 Lucius Modestus, an ancient Roman architect, finds himself job-hunting due to having trouble coming up with new ideas. As his demeanor and personality become dismal, his friends try taking him to a bathhouse for him to relax. Unable to unwind in the bustling and crowded bath, Lucius dips his head in the water. Down there, he finds a secret tunnel that transports him to a modern-day Japanese bathhouse, providing him the inspiration he needed to make a new creation.
 The story is a comedy about Lucius, an architect of public bath houses in ancient Rome, who time-travels to various modern-day baths in Japan. The author explores the two cultures in the world “that have loved baths the most
 Due to family troubles, Ren Uesugi and his sister, Mihato, leave their home. They end up moving to the city but find themselves with a lack of money.Somehow they are able to find work in the form of the Kuonji family’s mansion, being employed as servants to the three sisters of the Kuonji family
 The elite Cosmo Academy attracts applicants from every stellar nation in the galaxy. One young hopeful is Tadatos Lane, an orphan esper from Terra. The final stage of the academy's entrance exam is a perilous mission simulation aboard an actual derelict starship. The applicants depart for the ships in groups of ten, but when Tada's crew arrives on the Esperanza, they are horrified to discover that they now number eleven. As the test progresses, things go awry and the atmosphere grows increasingly tense. The crew members begin to suspect sabotage, and Tada appears to be the likely culprit.
 When aliens suddenly invade the world, Earth seems to be fighting a losing battle until Arikawa, one of the defense command staff, accidentally discovers a young man lying on a hill. Tests soon prove the impossible
 *The Second OVA of Kono Dan series.They say look before you leap and make sure you can swim before you go in the deep water, but when a picture of his late grandfather falls into the ocean, Shima jumps in after it without thinking. Nearly drowning as a result, he is instead saved by a very perfect stranger... one whose strangeness extends to only being human from the waist up!For Shima, who's always felt like a fish out of water himself, it's more than just a revelation, and the young man and merman quickly begin to bond in ways neither anticipated. And yet, it's going to be far from easy sailing. After all, Shima and Isaki aren't just from opposite sides of the tracks, they're from entirely divergent species, and swimming in separate gene pools may make maintaining a long term relationship a whole different kettle of fish!
 High school student Takeru Takemoto works part time as a (motor)bike courier. During one of his deliveries, he saw a mysterious light passing him and fell into a forest. What he had found was a beautiful girl coming out from a glowing cocoon, calling herself “Hikari.” While Takeru was quite embarrassed because of Hikari’s nudity, a strange monster suddenly showed up and immediately attacked the two. Both Takeru and Hikari demonstrated the power of their other selves before Takeru had a clue of what’s going on. Ryou and Takeru are typical high school students.That is, until Takeru finds an alien calling herself Hikari. Takeru’s life is suddenly filled with aliens and monsters and a drunken robot and he’s just trying to keep everyone safe while he figures out what the hell is going on. Takeru is a typical high school student until he saves Hikari, an alien girl with no memory of her past. Committing himself to take care of her, Takeru’s life is suddenly filled with aliens and monsters.
 High school student Takeru Takemoto works part time as a (motor)bike courier. During one of his deliveries, he saw a mysterious light passing him and fell into a forest. What he had found was a beautiful girl coming out from a glowing cocoon, calling herself "Hikari." While Takeru was quite embarrassed because of Hikari's nudity, a strange monster suddenly showed up and immediately attacked the two. Both Takeru and Hikari demonstrated the power of their other selves before Takeru had a clue of what's going on.
 The young Norse god Thor embarks on a quest with his brother Loki to find and recover a legendary sword.
 n actor, a martial artist, a gun-crazy high school student, and their tank are transported from earth to a world of elves and magic. However, the spell to return them home was botched resulting in fragments of the spell being magicly imprinted onto their skin. Their solution
 This animated film system tells you from a unique perspective about the Ming Dynasty’s “change in civil castles”. The Hubao family (Yinglong), who had been guarding Genghis Khan’s “Tianwu Holy Treasure” treasure, was slaughtered overnight and was lucky to survive. Master Ying Yunzong Wu Yunzong set foot for revenge in search of other protectors, hunting for treasure, and staged a wonderful story about pursuit and growth, love and friendship, conspiracy and betrayal with his partners and enemies.
 Thunderbirds 2086 takes place roughly twenty years after the original series (generally accepted as taking place around 2065, though other dates are seen on screen) and chronicles the adventures of the Thunderbirds, a rescue team working for the International Rescue Organisation. Unlike the original International Rescue, which was small-scale and family-oriented, the IRO is a vast organisation comprising numerous branches and overseen by the Federation, the 2086 equivalent of the United Nations. No direct historical connections are identified between the two series, but it can be assumed that the original International Rescue evolved into its 2086 incarnation over those thirty years. The Tracy family are not mentioned in the animated series. In the animated series, the actual team is known as the Thunderbirds, whilst in the original series the name merely referred to their vehicles. The animated series is otherwise very similar to the original, with most episodes revolving around a natural or man-made disaster which the Thunderbirds team must investigate and help resolve. Unlike the original series, Thunderbirds 2086 also has an on-going story arc revolving around a breakaway independence group known as the Shadow Axis, led by the mysterious Star Crusher. There is a heavy intimation in the series that Star Crusher is not human and may be some kind of alien entity.
 The second season of Thunderbolt Fantasy.
 The exciting puppet action from Gen Urobuchi takes center stage once again in Thunderbolt Fantasy Season 3!

 In the twelve years of Tianbao, Kong Hongjun, a handsome young man who is not familiar with the world, left the Yaojin Palace on the Taihang Mountain with three important tasks, and came to Chang'an, which is full of prosperity. Kong Hongjun first entered the Datang Exorcism Division, and the head supervisor was actually Long Wujun general Li Jinglong who had dealt with it not long ago. But he accidentally broke the Chen's heart lamp, and the heart lamp entered Li Jinglong's body. In the light and shadow of the lamp, there are the bright red lights of Pingkangli, the exorcism of the sycamore in the summer sunshine, the vast sky and sand and flying snow, the peaceful singing of Artai. Mo Rigen and Lu Xu picked off early morning leaves, Qiu Yongsi's flying strokes.
 Second season of Tian Bao Fuyao Lu.
 Third season of Tian Bao Fuyao Lu.
 Second season of Tian Guan Ci Fu.
 Special episode of Tian Guan Ci Fu.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Yuangong, the deacon, opens the shrine and exposes the holy book to the human world. He also carves the contents of the book on the stone wall of white cloud cave in the mountains. He is then punished by the Jade Emperor to guard the book for life for breaking heaven's law and betraying the holy secret to humankind. In order to pass this holy book to human beings, he must get by the antagonist fox.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Second season of Tian Yu.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 The catastrophe, “Hammer of Eden”, resulted in the loss of six billion lives and the flooding of 90% of the land. The New United Nations were formed to pursue peace on the ruined lands 14 years later. Keel is a boy living in a town called Yabitsu, an area which prospered due to the energy from the nuclear generator brought by the catastrophe.His next kin, Aoi, is the secretary general of the New United Nations. She views the catastrophe as an opportunity to create a new world in which nations can help one another overcome differences in races and religions. However, her efforts to realise that vision fail because of the unwillingness of the nations to change. Gould, a military officer, feels that the only way to make an order is through the military. Using Ulysses, a nuclear submarine, along with his crew, including Keel’s brother Tean, Gould carries out a coup to declare war against the New United Nations in his attack on Yabitsu. Genre
 The catastrophe, "Hammer of Eden," resulted in the loss of six billion lives and the flooding of 90% of the land. The New United Nations were formed to pursue peace on the ruined lands 14 years later. Keel is a boy living in a town called Yabitsu, an area which prospered due to the energy from the nuclear generator brought by the catastrophe. His next kin, Aoi, is the secretary general of the New United Nations. She views the catastrophe as an opportunity to create a new world in which nations can help one another overcome differences in races and religions. However, her efforts to realise that vision fail because of the unwillingness of the nations to change. Gould, a military officer, feels that the only way to make an order is through the military. Using Ulysses, a nuclear submarine, along with his crew, including Keel's brother Tean, Gould carries out a coup to declare war against the New United Nations in his attack on Yabitsu.
 DVD only 13th episode of the series.
 DVD only 13th episode of the series.
 Schternbilt City is home to people called “Next,” who use their special abilities to protect the people as superheroes. These heroes solve cases and save lives so they can wear sponsor logos or acquire “hero points.” Their activities are documented on the popular program “Hero TV,” which picks the “King of Heroes” in a yearly ranking.The veteran hero Wild Tiger has always preferred to work alone, but now he’s been assigned the rookie Barnaby Brooks Jr., who has a different perspective on being a superhero.
 Sternbild City is home to people called "Next," who use their special abilities to protect the people as superheroes. These heroes solve cases and save lives so they can wear sponsor logos or acquire "hero points." Their activities are documented on the popular program "Hero TV," which picks the "King of Heroes" in a yearly ranking. The veteran hero Wild Tiger has always preferred to work alone, but now he's been assigned the rookie Barnaby Brooks Jr., who has a different perspective on being a superhero.
 Second season of Tiger & Bunny.
 Second season of Tiger & Bunny.
 Second half of the second season of Tiger & Bunny.
 Second half of the second season of Tiger & Bunny.
 The first of two Tiger and Bunny movies, based on the first two episodes of the TV series with additional new scenes.
 The first of two Tiger and Bunny movies, based on the first two episodes of the TV series with additional new scenes.
 The film will revolve around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess.
 The film will revolve around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess.
 Second season to the original Tiger Mask, with a different cast of characters.
 Dr. Kieta, the inventor of a time-travel machine, is lost on a test run of his machine to the prehistoric past. When the time-space craft returns to the present, his young assistants are surprised to find only a parrot in the cockpit. In their hurry to find the missing scientist before it is too late, the youngsters set out on a time-space hunt without any clear destination.
 A new TV series in the Time Bokan franchise.
 A laugh-out-loud hilarious adventure from the studio behind Gatchaman and Speed Racer!
 1993
 A laugh-out-loud hilarious adventure from the studio behind Gatchaman and Speed Racer!
 1993
 The story begins in the year of 20XX. Oshaka School in Kamakuland is a prestige school of the world where only those who are pure and clearheaded descendants of Priest Sanzo's clan may be admitted. As for the familiar villain trio, they are in firm belief that they are genuine descendants of Priest Sanzo's clan although actually they are of uncertain lineage. They study hard to enter the school in spite of their repeated failure. One day three intelligent children are called in by the principal and asked by Shakyamuni dwelling in his body to find missing puzzle copperplates scattered all over the world and complete the puzzle board to heighten honor of Oshaka School. The conversation, however, is overheard by the villain trio and they decide to forestall those selected youngsters. Then they happen to meet with a brilliant boy named koochan who appears handy and so they take him with them and attempt to take away puzzle copperplates from a goblin. At the same time they try to win the goblin over to their side and attack our heroes together. Being aware of the evil scheme, Koochan transforms himself into Itadakiman and fights bravely to drive the wicked trio away.
 Burning with ambitions to become the most beautiful woman, the most renowned scientist, and the greatest hero the world has ever known, three villains, Atasha, Sekobitchi and Duwarusuki, unite. The trio are Time Patrollers, the keepers and protectors of the annals of history. But, this is only a cover for the trio, as the villains are league with a nefarious leader, who is trying to alter the course of history to suit his desires, and, under his instructions, the trio travel in time with the aim of tampering with recorded history. Only Hikaru and Nana, disguised as the Otasukemen, stand between the villains and their goals.
 A mysterious gem called the "Skull Stone" is said to be able to reveal the location of the largest vein of gold in the world. This legend has entranced many people who wanted to get their hands on fame, power and wealth, including the trio of villains in this show
 Second season of Time Bokan 24.
 Based on a French comic book set in a somewhat utopian future where time travel is possible, the show follows two futuristic spatio-temporal French special agents who protect time ans space from time travel-related paradoxes.
 In the not too distant future androids have come into common usage. Taking the androids for granted, humans treat them as if they were common everyday tools, while on the other hand, some people empathize with androids due to their human-like appearance (save for a digital ring floating above their heads).This has become a social problem and these people are frowned upon as a result. Rikuo, one who has taken androids for granted for his entire life, one day discovers that Sammy, his home android, has been acting strangely and finds a strange phrase recorded in her activity log. He, along with his friend Masaki, traces Sammy’s footsteps and come upon an unusual cafe. This cafe’s main rule is to not discriminate between humans and androids.
 The movie version is the complete version of the story. It includes all the OVAs and completely new scenes giving details on the background story of some characters.Sometime in future Japan, androids have been involved in every aspect of peoples lives. One day, upon checking his android's behavioral log, Rikuo, a student, noticed his android's returning times have been odd recently. With his friend Masaki, they found out the place where his android, Sammy, have been visiting
 In 2060, in order to solve various supernatural crises, the World Organization selected elite agents from all over the world to form a crisis bureau. The Dangerous Situation selected the elites of the elite to form an ace squad, named the Phantom. Three years ago, in the task of receiving treasures, due to the gullibility of the captain, Hyway, the Phantom Squad was attacked by the Derek Squad, and almost all of them were killed in action. Hyway himself was planted by Derek and fell into the cliff. However, the target treasure, the Immortal Stone, accidentally entered Haoyuan’s body, bringing him back from the dead, gaining the ability to manipulate time, and possessing superpowers such as time static and time reversal. Our protagonist has lived as a fugitive from then on. Haoyuan didn’t want to face the past and chose to remain anonymous, leading a plain life, and guarding Gu Xiaoxi, the sister of his comrade-in-arms. But God’s will, a blue virus appeared in City Y, and the infected person’s skin appeared blue, then spread all over the body little by little, and eventually died. And Gu Xiaoxi was also infected. In order to break the blue virus incident and save Gu Xiaoxi, Hyway returns to the crisis situation. With the sexy and capable secret agent Yu Jie-Xia Rou, the quirky genius Loli-Tong Xiaoxiao, and the second-biggest gangster-Zhan Peng and other weird celebrities make a makeshift to form an alternative phantom team. And our legendary story begins here.
 Time Travel Shoujo is based on a 1983 book titled Jishaku to Denki no Hatsumei Hakken Monogatari by Japanese educator Kiyonobu Itakura. It is part of the Hatsumei Hakken Monogatari Zenshuu series which describes the story of various scientific discoveries and inventions throughout history. The 1983 book focuses on discoveries related to magnetism and electricity.

 The story is set in a world where supernatural powers exist through science, and magic exists through religion. University City. 2.3 million inhabitants. 80% of the students are active in the ‘Brain Development Program’ and out of those only 7 are Level 5s. Meet the civilian protagonist Mikoto and her friend Kuroko, maintainers of peace and order at the University district, as members of the ‘Judgement
 In a world where science clarifies supernatural powers. In a huge college that has power development in its curriculum. To a resident high school student, Kamijou Touma, a pure white sister appears. She calls herself “Index” and says that sorcerers are chasing her. Thus, Kamijou Touma enters the world of the occult.
 The 2nd season of To Aru Majutsu no Index.
 Bonus animation featuring Index-tan included with the BD special edition of the Toaru Majutsu no Index
 Following the first season's gag action theme, the second season titled To Be Heroine will feature an original story and a new set of characters.You is about to leave home when she suddenly enters an incredible world. Appearing in front of her is an eight-year-old naked boy, and before she could even grasp the situation, she's attacked by assassins from a mafia group who were chasing the young boy. What was even more unrealistic for You was that the leader of this mafia was another assassin's attack.Who are those naked kids, why did her shoe turn into a warrior and above all, what kind of world did eight-year-old boy come from? Just like the first one, he's also almost naked! While trying to escape from the attackers, You loses one of her shoes and by a strange kind of magic, her shoe turned into a warrior who was able to save her by blocking the You enter?(Source
 For as long as Akari can remember, she and Hiroyuki have always been friends. But with time, everything changes, and her feelings have turned into something more. As a new semester of high school begins, will the two childhood friends come closer together or drift further apart? Join Hiroyuki, Akari and all their friends - the bubbly Shiho, the quiet Serika, the lovely Kotone, and more - in this heartwarming tale of love, relationships and friendship!
 Six short "Special Broadcasts" (omake) were produced and aired after selected episodes. They lasted around five minutes and followed the general style of the main anime, although the characters are drawn as chibis.
 Time flies by; Hiroyuki and Akari are 12th-graders now. Both of them and their friends have grown up gradually in someway, physically or mentally, but one of their best friends is missing
 This is a special to To Heart
 The story is about Yuuki Rito, a high-school boy who cannot confess to the girl of his dreams, Sairenji Haruna. One day when coming home and sulking in the bath-tub a mysterious, nude girl, appears out of nowhere. Her name is Lala and she comes from the planet Deviluke, where she is the heir to the throne. Her father wants her to return to her home planet so she can marry one of the husband candidates, but she decides that she wants to marry Rito in order to stay on Earth.
 Sequel to To-Love-Ru, all of our main characters make an appearance along with some new additions. Rito continues to be caught in over the top uncensored ecchi scenarios. The alien Deviluke sisters still use their unique abilities to grab Rito’s love confession.Nana and Momo have transferred into the school and meet Mea, who seems to be a worry free and joyful girl. Momo in particular wants to share Rito and create a harem for him. While scheming her plan, she confronts Golden Darkness also know as Yami. They are interrupted by possessed students who begin to fight with abnormal strength. Now the new plot line appears as a mysterious person who’s in control of the students tests Yami’s assassination skills. Who is this new enemy?
 As close encounters of the twisted kind between the residents of the planet Develuke (represented primarily by the female members of the royal family) and the inhabitants of Earth (represented mainly by one very exhausted Rito Yuki) continue to escalate, the situation spirals even further out of control. When junior princesses Nana and Momo transferred into Earth School where big sister LaLa can (theoretically) keep an eye on them, things SHOULD be smooth sailing. But when Momo decides she'd like to "supplement" Rito's relationship with LaLa with a little "sisterly love," you know LaLa's not going to waste any time splitting harems. Unfortunately, it's just about that point that Yami, the Golden Darkness, enters the scene with all the subtleness of a supernova, along with an army of possessed high school students! All of which is certain to make Rito's life suck more than a black hole at the family picnic. Unless, of course, a certain semi-demonic princess can apply a little of her Develukean Whoop Ass to exactly that portion of certain other heavenly bodies!
 New season of To LOVE-Ru Darkness announced at Jump Festa 2015.
 The dispassionate, transforming assassin Golden Darkness returns to peer deeper into the mysteries surrounding her new life, while a sinister Nemesis manipulates her younger sister Mea from the shadows. Along with their newly discovered mother, Tearju, this previously estranged family quickly becomes the center of everyone's attention. On the other hand, Princess Momo's Harem Plan stands on shaky ground amidst Rito's inability to confess to his longtime crush Haruna, who has grown feelings of her own.But things aren't as peaceful as they seem; an evil force looms amidst the innocuous commotion, threatening to eclipse the love, happiness, and friendship of Rito and his harem. Only the light of love can hope to banish the shadow.
 A scan of Jump SQ's September issue, to be released on August 4, revealed that the fifteenth volume of To LOVE-Ru Darkness will bundle a new OVA, which will be released on January 4. Consisting of two episodes, the OVA will run for a total of 25 minutes. One episode, titled Ghost Story Kowai no wa Ikaga (How about something scary?), will adapt a side-story from volume nine. The second episode, titled Clinic Sunao ni Narenakute (Without becoming obedient), will adapt chapter 38.To LOVE-Ru
 Extra episodes of To LOVE-Ru Darkness 2nd bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume.
 Sequel to To-Love-Ru, all of our main characters make an appearance along with some new additions. Rito continues to be caught in over the top uncensored ecchi scenarios. The alien Deviluke sisters still use their unique abilities to grab Rito’s love confession.Nana and Momo have transferred into the school and meet Mea, who seems to be a worry free and joyful girl. Momo in particular wants to share Rito and create a harem for him. While scheming her plan, she confronts Golden Darkness also know as Yami. They are interrupted by possessed students who begin to fight with abnormal strength. Now the new plot line appears as a mysterious person who’s in control of the students tests Yami’s assassination skills. Who is this new enemy?
 The story is about Yuuki Rito, a high-school boy who cannot confess to the girl of his dreams, Sairenji Haruna. One day when coming home and sulking in the bath-tub a mysterious, nude girl, appears out of nowhere. Her name is Lala and she comes from the planet Deviluke, where she is the heir to the throne. Her father wants her to return to her home planet so she can marry one of the husband candidates, but she decides that she wants to marry Rito in order to stay on Earth.
 Two doctors traversing through the memories of a dying man to fulfill his last wish.
 Two weeks before a concert at Yaon Hibiya auditorium (1987.8.26), while playing at the club Shinjuku Loft, lead vocalist To-Y (pron
 The espers of Academy City are classified into six levels, where "Level 0" lacks power while "Level 5" possesses an overwhelming amount. Of the several million espers residing in Academy City, only seven of them have attained Level 5, and ranked highest among them is the one known as Accelerator.Toaru Kagaku no Accelerator focuses on the strongest Level 5 after he protects the cheerful Last Order at the price of much of his power. Recovering at the hospital, Accelerator has led a relatively quiet life until he ends up saving the life of Estelle Rosenthal, a mysterious girl carrying a photo of Last Order. Unfortunately, Accelerator now finds himself dragged into a new conflict in the form of a sinister organization called Disciplinary Action which plots to use Last Order for a dangerous mission. Now that they have set their plan into motion and are in pursuit of the young girl, it's up to the world's most powerful esper and his newfound companion to protect Last Order and defend Academy City in the process.
 The espers of Academy City are classified into six levels, where "Level 0" lacks power while "Level 5" possesses an overwhelming amount. Of the several million espers residing in Academy City, only seven of them have attained Level 5, and ranked highest among them is the one known as Accelerator.Toaru Kagaku no Accelerator focuses on the strongest Level 5 after he protects the cheerful Last Order at the price of much of his power. Recovering at the hospital, Accelerator has led a relatively quiet life until he ends up saving the life of Estelle Rosenthal, a mysterious girl carrying a photo of Last Order. Unfortunately, Accelerator now finds himself dragged into a new conflict in the form of a sinister organization called Disciplinary Action which plots to use Last Order for a dangerous mission. Now that they have set their plan into motion and are in pursuit of the young girl, it's up to the world's most powerful esper and his newfound companion to protect Last Order and defend Academy City in the process.
 Special included on the first Blu-ray/DVD volume of Toaru Kagaku no Accelerator.
 Academy City is a highly developed place in terms of technology. It is said to be 20 to 30 years ahead of the rest of the world, and 80% of its 2.3 million residents are students. The focus of studies here is directed towards esper powers. Misaka Mikoto, one of the top level espers in town, shares a room with Kuroko Shirai, another high level esper who is a member of Judgement, a law enforcing agency composed of students. Both attend Tokiwadai, a private school reserved for the high-leveled and the rich. Kuroko's partner at Judgement, Kazari Uiharu, is a low level esper who studies at Sakugawa middle school. Her best friend and classmate there is Ruiko Saten, a level zero, one who has no esper powers. Together, the four encounter several adventures in the exciting scientific town.
 The second season is focused on The Sisters Arc. Lasting only a single volume in the Toaru Majutsu no Index light novels, it was later expanded greatly in the Toaru Kagaku no Railgun manga.The arc focuses on the ordeals of Mikoto Misaka after discovering the existence of the Radio Noise sisters that are being used in the Level 6 Shift, an experiment where they are killed in order for the highest-ranking Level 5, Accelerator, to achieve Level 6.
 The second season is focused on The Sisters Arc. Lasting only a single volume in the Toaru Majutsu no Index light novels, it was later expanded greatly in the Toaru Kagaku no Railgun manga.The arc focuses on the ordeals of Mikoto Misaka after discovering the existence of the Radio Noise sisters that are being used in the Level 6 Shift, an experiment where they are killed in order for the highest-ranking Level 5, Accelerator, to achieve Level 6.
 Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S OVA
 Third season of Toaru Kagaku no Railgun.
 Continuing after the Level Upper incident, another phenomenon torments Misaka. A phenomenon called "Someone's Watching," its effect feels like the electricity in one's body flow backwards. With the help of her friends, Misaka fights against the unknown enemy.
 Set in a city of scientifically advanced superhuman students, but in a world where magic is also real. Touma Kamijou’s right hand, the Imagine Breaker, will negate all magic, psychic, or divine powers, but not his own bad luck. One day he finds a young girl hanging on his balcony railing. She turns out to be a nun from the Church of England, and her mind has been implanted with the Index-Librorum-Prohibitorum - all the magical texts the Church has removed from circulation.
 Index is still a fugitive and many powerful Magical organizations and individuals want to take her to use the books in her memory eliminating her in the process. War between those organizations is also starting to emerge. Index can only rely on her friend Touma who has always protected her along with Misaka and other friends from the Academy.
 Third season of Toaru Majutsu no Index.
 Third season of Toaru Majutsu no Index.
 In the movie's story, just before the completion of the Academy City space elevator Endymion, the main characters Kamijou and Index encounter a Level 0 girl named Arisa. The Magicians are after Alisa, and they attack Academy City. A female leader named Shutaura leads a unit from Academy City against the attack. Kamijou and Index learn from Stiyl that Arisa is key to a brewing war between the sides of Magic and Science.
 A new type of VRMMO called "One More Free Life Online" is out. He logs in as a young boy avatar called "Earth". Taichi Tanaka (38, single) has a regular office job and enjoys playing video games in his free time. In a world where the player is free to do as they wish, he decides to master a skill that's been deemed to be useless! He makes potions that are too much of a hassle to make, cooks food that is excessively too good, and uses bizarre original weapons to hunt monsters...
 Isami Hanaoka is just a fifth grader who happens to be a descendant of the Shinsengumi. Together with fellow descendants and classmates Soushi Yukimi and Toshi Tsukikage, she discovers in the basement of her home, strange artifacts left behind by their ancestors as well as a message urging them to "Fight the evil Kurotengu organization."
 The 2nd PriPara film, unlike the first this shown in stereoscopic 3D.
 In modern day Tokyo, three university students, Negishi Miyako (Neko-chan), Saiki Haruka, and Yamagishi Keiichiro, have magical powers that make them feel like outcasts. They come together one night and are transported to another world. They open a massive door and Neko finds that she is the Princess Neryulla, who must defeat the evil Duran III to free her people.
 An anime about Operation Castle and the demise of the crew on the Daigo Fukuryuu Maru (S.S. Lucky Dragon 5). On March 1st 1954, a hydrogen bomb went off (that ended up being similar sized to the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima). The radioactive ash fell on the crew, poisoning them.The anime deviates into fantasy as the ash also affected the marine life--that talk and wear human clothing and is the main focus of the movie; how the radioactive ash affected the talking fish.
 Several years after the end of a war, the city of Toshima has fallen into decay and been taken over by the crime syndicate Viscio. There, the head of the syndicate, Il Rey, has convened the battle game “Igura.” Meanwhile, Akira, falsely accused of a crime, has made a deal to earn his pardon
 There's an evil creature called Aratama that attacks people, and a group of Miko has been exorcising those creatures using swords since olden times. Those who wear uniforms and swords are called Toji, who are officially called Tokubetsu Saishi Kitoutai (Special Ritual Maneuver Team) in the police association. They are officially approved to wield the swords by the government officials. The government has established five training schools consisting of junior and senior high levels for the female students to attend. They spend their student life normally, and use special skills with the swords when they're doing missions to protect people. In the spring, these five schools are to take part in a competition. Among the girls who train for the competition, there's a girl who's a bit more passionate than any other girls. Where would the girl with the sword aim?
 There's an evil creature called Aratama that attacks people, and a group of Miko has been exorcising those creatures using swords since olden times. Those who wear uniforms and swords are called Toji, who are officially called Tokubetsu Saishi Kitoutai (Special Ritual Maneuver Team) in the police association. They are officially approved to wield the swords by the government officials. The government has established five training schools consisting of junior and senior high levels for the female students to attend. They spend their student life normally, and use special skills with the swords when they're doing missions to protect people. In the spring, these five schools are to take part in a competition. Among the girls who train for the competition, there's a girl who's a bit more passionate than any other girls. Where would the girl with the sword aim?
 Short promotional animations for mobile game titled Toji no Miko
 Based on the manga by Yama Miyuki.
 The power to travel through time... It can be used for the good of humanity, or just selfishly abused. While many may fantasize about obtaining such a power, it has become nothing less than reality for otherwise-normal schoolgirl Konno Makoto.After a fated event, her life takes a turn for the extraordinary. Though she initially uses her power to literally "leap" into the past and change little things in order to make her life easier, she soon has to face the fact that changing the past can have drastic consequences.
 Aoba Riku has just transferred to a new high school because of his father’s job, and things aren’t quite what he expected. The headmaster’s secretary controls the school while espousing the virtues of academic freedom, the teachers are even stranger than normal teachers, and half the student body is walking around with animal ears on.On his very first day, Riku is unfortunate enough to find himself at the center of the student council’s latest event, which has him running for his life. All this on top of the normal high school rigour of popularity contests, crushes, and homework makes it unsure whether Riku will be able to survive this new school. Genres
 The main character, Ranze, is a junior high girl with troubles
 Recaps of some episodes from the TV series. Includes new humorous sketches called "Tokimeki a la Carte".
 Shindou Ranmaru has just graduated from police academy and assigned to Tokki
 "Shindou Ranmaru has just graduated from police academy and assigned to Tokko
 When aliens invade Earth, Triple Command, led by fearless Masato Mugen, is placed in charge of defense. Masato is aided by Frenchman Pierre Bonaparte and Japanese-American girl Loui Oberon.
 In the year 2032, the legendary idol unit "7th Sisters" suddenly retired from the industry and disappeared. That was the end of the idol industry... until two years later, when a young glory-seeking employee is appointed to be the leader of Tokyo's next generation idol studio, "777 (Three Seven)," commonly referred to as Nanastar.However, the city continues to believe that idols are a thing of the past, and Nanastar is no exception. Their slump continues, but one day a mysterious and beautiful female manager approaches you and says, "If the idols of the past are gone, we'll just have to make new idols! True "sisters" linked by powerful bonds!" The story of the idols of the future, the Nanastar Sisters, will now unfold.
 Subaru Sumeragi is the thirteenth head of his powerful onmyouji clan. Until the time comes when he must succeed his grandmother fully, Subaru is allowed to live in Tokyo with his fraternal twin Hokuto. While Subaru is kind and shy, Hokuto has exuberance to spare, and her favorite pastime is designing bold matching outfits for the two of them to wear. Her next favorite thing to do is try to set up Subaru with their veterinarian friend Seishirou Sakurazuka who, oddly enough, is always readily available to accompany the Sumeragis throughout the city.Subaru has to resolve a variety of spiritual conflicts in Tokyo
 Summary
 Second Season of Tokyo Ghoul series.
 In modern day Tokyo, society lives in fear of Ghouls
 The story will focus on the high school days of Kishou Arima, the CCG's shinigami.
 The OVA will adapt the third story in the Tokyo Ghoul
 Shuu Tsukiyama is a "ghoul"
 Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem as they have begun taking caution, especially the terrorist organization Aogiri Tree, who acknowledge the CCG's growing threat to their existence.The creation of a special team, known as the Quinx Squad, may provide the CCG with the push they need to exterminate Tokyo's unwanted residents. As humans who have undergone surgery in order to make use of the special abilities of ghouls, they participate in operations to eradicate the dangerous creatures. The leader of this group, Haise Sasaki, is a half-ghoul, half-human who has been trained by famed special class investigator, Kishou Arima. However, there's more to this young man than meets the eye, as unknown memories claw at his mind, slowly reminding him of the person he used to be.
 Two years have passed since the CCG's raid on Anteiku. Although the atmosphere in Tokyo has changed drastically due to the increased influence of the CCG, ghouls continue to pose a problem as they have begun taking caution, especially the terrorist organization Aogiri Tree, who acknowledge the CCG's growing threat to their existence.The creation of a special team, known as the Quinx Squad, may provide the CCG with the push they need to exterminate Tokyo's unwanted residents. As humans who have undergone surgery in order to make use of the special abilities of ghouls, they participate in operations to eradicate the dangerous creatures. The leader of this group, Haise Sasaki, is a half-ghoul, half-human who has been trained by famed special class investigator, Kishou Arima. However, there's more to this young man than meets the eye, as unknown memories claw at his mind, slowly reminding him of the person he used to be.
 Second season of Tokyo Ghoul
 Second season of Tokyo Ghoul
 It's Christmas Eve and three homeless friends have experienced their own Christmas miracle
 The premise of the project is the 70% or higher possibility that a magnitude 7.0 earthquake will occur in Tokyo in the next 30 years. The anime will depict what would happen if an 8.0 earthquake took place. The story will center on Mirai, a middle school freshman girl who goes to Tokyo’s artificial Odaiba Island for a robot exhibition with her brother Yutaka at the start of summer vacation.A powerful tremor emanates from an ocean trench, the famed Tokyo Tower and Rainbow Bridge crumble and fall, and the landscape of Tokyo changes in an instant. With the help of a motorcycle delivery woman named Mari who they meet on Odaiba, Mirai and Yutaka strive to head back to their Setagaya home in western Tokyo.
 The premise of the project is the 70% possibility that a magnitude 7.0 earthquake will occur in Tokyo in the next 30 years. The anime depicts what would happen if an 8.0 earthquake took place.The story centers on Mirai, a middle school freshman girl who goes to Tokyo’s artificial Odaiba Island for a robot exhibition with her brother Yuuki at the start of summer vacation. A powerful tremor emanates from an ocean trench, the famed Tokyo Tower and Rainbow Bridge crumble and fall, and the landscape of Tokyo changes in an instant. With the help of a motorcycle delivery woman named Mari who they meet on Odaiba, Mirai and Yuuki strive to head back to their Setagaya home in western Tokyo.
 Something evil is stirring in the shadows of Tokyo...During the spring of his senior year in high school, quiet Tatsuma Hiyuu transfers to Magami Academy in Shinjuku. The mysterious boy's "outsider" status and his profound skills in martial arts quickly earn him the friendship of class delinquent Kyouichi Houraiji. Through an uncanny connection and a happenstance challenge, he also meets Yuuya Daigo of the wrestling club, the captain of the girls' archery club, Komaki Sakurai, and Aoi Misato, the Student Council President.During their encounter, there is a sudden, harsh disruption of the Ryumyaku (literally Dragon Pulse, otherwise known as Dragon Vein or Dragon Stream), the flow of arcane energy. The surge awakens within the five teenagers a latent power, giving them each a supernatural ability. Enlightened to their newly acquired gifts by Hisui, the young heir of the Kisaragi Clan who maintains his family's antiques shop - as well as their duty to protect Tokyo from Oni (demons) - the Magami students decide to use their power to protect the city from the onslaught of dark forces.Battling the demons alongside Hisui Kisaragi, the five unlikely friends discover that they may have to face a greater threat to Tokyo other than destroying a few malevolent, random monsters. The Ryumyaku had been disrupted by force, from someone invoking the Dark Arts - and that person has a wicked desire to unleash a long-dead evil.Can the teenagers overcome their own fears and flaws to fight against the Dark Arts? And soon they will also have to face their own destinies as they discover their Stars of Fate.This anime is based on a manga, which was based on the Nintendo role-playing video game originally released in 1998.
 The battle against Tendou Kodzunu is over, and the Magami Five begin to look forward to their senior graduation, hopefully planning for their adult futures. However, life in Tokyo is not at peace...The underground assassin group known as the Twelve Heavenly Generals of the Martial Fist begin to move against those protecting the city from demons. Normally rumored to kill criminals that the mundane law was unable to bring to justice, the Martial Fist now set their sights on Tatsuma Hiyuu, Kyouichi Houraiji, Aoi Misato, Komaki Sakurai, Yuuya Daigo, and Hisui Kisaragi.What is the purpose of this cruel turn of events? And who ordered the hit? New threats emerge as others awakened to powers unleashed by the Ryumyaku seek out the Magami kids - and old friends now return as enemies.Destinies will collide as the Stars of Fate begin to merge; Yin and Yang will meet. And soon the shadowy figure pulling the strings will reveal himself, in an effort to raze Tokyo to the ground and awaken the Vessel of the Golden Dragon.
 In the night of Tokyo, mysterious deaths involving the ‘Reborn Dead’ occur. Mysterious transfer student, Tatsuma Hiyuu, and delinquent student, Kyouichi Houraiji, fight these undead every night. They, along with the rest of their group, soon realize that a greater threat, that involves even more powerful demons, is near.
 Momomia Ichigo, is your average twelve year old girl that is until one eventful date. her crush masoya ayoama asks her to attend an endangered species exhibit and after a series of events she gets hit by a ray that turns her into a cat. now her and four other girls must band together to fight of the chimera and alien who are invading their planet.On her first date with the cutest boy in school, Ichigo is zapped by a mysterious ray that scrambles her DNA with that of the endangered Iriomote wildcat. The next day, Ichigo discovers that she has developed the agility (and occasionally the ears and tail) of a cat, as well as the power to transform into a pink-haired superheroine, Mew Ichigo. She and four other girls, each endowed with the genes of a different “Red Data” animal, have been selected for the top-secret Mew Project, which aims to protect the Earth from an alien menace known as Deep Blue. Genres
 Ichigo Momomiya expected her date with her crush, Masaya Aoyama, to have a more romantic ending than her falling asleep after she sees a vision of a cat entering her body. Things get even stranger when, the next day, she begins displaying cat-like behaviors such as an intense craving for fish. When Masaya is attacked by a monster, she discovers that she is able to transform into the cat-eared magical girl, Mew Ichigo.After she saves Masaya, two researchers named Ryou Shirogane and Keiichiro Akasaka approach her and reveal they had injected her with Iriomote Cat DNA in order to create a magical girl that can save the world from aliens. Ichigo is tasked with fighting these monsters, but saving the world proves to be just too much for Ichigo to handle by herself. Fortunately, she learns that there are four other girls just like her, and now, Ichigo must find them quickly before the aliens completely take over the planet.
 New Tokyo Mew Mew anime.
 In the "Great Disaster," Japan has been thrown into chaos by onmyouji (a kind of magician). Harutora Tsuchimikado was born into an onmyouji family, but has no power whatsoever. His estranged sister appears to him one day to take him up the promise he made long ago to become her shikigami (familiar). A battle between onmyouji is about to begin.
 Tsuchimikado Harutora was born into a prestigious Onmyoji family, but he can't see "spirit energy". Therefore, he's been enjoying a peaceful daily life with his friends at an Onmyo branch school. One day, his childhood friend Tsuchimikado Natsume, heir to the head family, suddenly appears. Will this cause his destiny spring into motion!?
 Takemichi Hanagaki's life is at an all-time low. Just when he thought it couldn't get worse, he finds out that Hinata Tachibana, his ex-girlfriend, was murdered by the Tokyo Manji Gang
 Takemichi Hanagaki’s second year of middle school was the highest point in his life. He had respect, a gang of friends he could count on, and even a girlfriend. But that was twelve years ago. Today, he’s a nobody
 Takemichi Hanagaki’s second year of middle school was the highest point in his life. He had respect, a gang of friends he could count on, and even a girlfriend. But that was twelve years ago. Today, he’s a nobody
 Second season of Tokyo Revengers.
 Second season of Tokyo Revengers.
 Under the capital city of Tokyo, Japan, there exists a large, vast, and unknown world known as Underground. There, people known as Elemental Users exist; people who have the ability to control the elements
 Under the capital city of Tokyo, Japan, there exists a large, vast, and unknown world known as Underground. There, people known as Elemental Users exist; people who have the ability to control the elements


 Tom Sawyer is a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River in the mid 1800s. Along with his best friend Huckleberry Finn, he spends his days ditching school, fishing, climbing trees and having adventures.
 Tom Sawyer is a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River in the mid 1800s. Along with his best friend Huckleberry Finn, he spends his days ditching school, fishing, climbing trees and having adventures.
 A little bit in the future, the government has established a brand new organization with the purpose of rescuing lives to respond to the increasingly complicated and varied types of disasters, accidents and crimes that go beyond human comprehension. It is called the "Mobile Emergency Police DRIVE HEAD" force combining specialized police, firefighting and rescue skills. "DRIVE HEAD" is an advanced mobile device that transforms in form factor from car to humanoid walker vehicle. The drivers are high-aptitude, grade school students such as Go Kurumada who collaborate with mobile emergency police adults and rush to crisis situations to secure public safety and preserve the peace for all!


 The anime centers on the battles between the mysterious alien enemy Dark Spinner and the secret defense unit Earth Granner over Earth Energy, the energy generated from the Earth's rotation.
 The anime centers on the battles between the mysterious alien enemy Dark Spinner and the secret defense unit Earth Granner over Earth Energy, the energy generated from the Earth's rotation.
 Tomie Kawakami is a femme fatale with long black hair and a beauty mark just under her left eye. She can seduce nearly any man, and drive them to murder as well, even though the victim is often Tomie herself. While one lover seeks to keep her for himself, another grows terrified of the immortal succubus. But soon they realize no matter how many times they kill her, the world will never be free of Tomie.
 Memories, both good and bad, suffuse the high school experience. Whether it's hanging out with friends or cramming for tests, everyone has something they will remember from that time in their lives. At a certain high school, one class is faced with an event that can cause people to look back on their high school days in sadness
 Tomo Aizawa and Junichirou "Jun" Kubota are the tightest bros you'd ever see. They roughhouse and spar, but through thick and thin, they've got each other's back. Yet, there's just one small problem
 Tomo Aizawa and Junichirou "Jun" Kubota are the tightest bros you would ever see. They roughhouse and spar, but through thick and thin, they've got each other's back. Yet, there's just one small problem
 Yuuichi Katagiri has battled financial hardships his whole life but has learned to stay content and positive thanks to his close circle of friends. To keep a promise he made to them, Yuuichi saves up enough money to join them on the school trip. But when the gathered money mysteriously goes missing, suspicion falls on two of Yuuichi's friends
 Yuuichi Katagiri has battled financial hardships his whole life but has learned to stay content and positive thanks to his close circle of friends. To keep a promise he made to them, Yuuichi saves up enough money to join them on the school trip. But when the gathered money mysteriously goes missing, suspicion falls on two of Yuuichi's friends
 Yuuichi Katagiri has battled financial hardships his whole life but has learned to stay content and positive thanks to his close circle of friends. To keep a promise he made to them, Yuuichi saves up enough money to join them on the school trip. But when the gathered money mysteriously goes missing, suspicion falls on two of Yuuichi's friends
 If a girl teases you, that means she likes you!Unfortunately, Akiteru knows from experience that isn't the case. Because every girl he interacts with shows him nothing but scorn, and he's not scored a single date from it! Luckily, he's more concerned with securing a spot for him and his game-development buddies at his uncle's business.But when his uncle throws him a condition that involves playing the part of his daughter's boyfriend, Akiteru has no choice but to take it. What will his best friend's sister Iroha, who bullies him relentlessly, think of the news?
 The title character of Tomoe ga Yuku! (Tomoe Will Go!) is gutsy enough to roller skate down freeways for thrills. After losing a friend in a roller skating accident, Tomoe joins a stunt group called Green Ship. Although still mourning her friend's death, Tomoe has no reservations about embracing a relationship with the group's leader, Kazusa. Soon she discovers Green Ship is a front for an assassin training camp. She must flee her new life and love and rekindle her fiery spirit in order to fight against the organization which wants her dead.
 Kazuki has been awaiting 10 years for the day when her neighbours moved back to their old house. She has a crush on Yuuji, whom she considers as her first love but to whom she never managed to express her feelings for him before they moved out.Yuuji often comes over to play with Kazuki, Kazuki’s older sister Hatsune and Yuuji’s sister Marie when they were kids. Her ideal depiction of Yuuji was soon shattered when he turned out more than she had expected, him acting all ecchi during their reunion. With their parents off in South America, both families must learn to live with each other and rekindle the childhood feelings they shared together. Things get even more crazy as they attend the same school. Genres
 Mizutani Shizuku is the type of person who only cares for her own grades. But when she accidentally delivers lesson notes to Yoshida Haru, he becomes convinced they are friends. Haru turns out to have a very innocent personality, but who would’ve thought that Haru would actually confess to Shizuku? A cold-hearted girl and super-troublemaker romance with a fresh new perspective.
 OVA bundled with the limited edition of the 12th volume of the manga.
 The modern-day vampire comedy centers on high school girl Amano, who was saved from a strange incident by a vampire girl named Sophie Twilight, and has been interested in her ever since. Akari arrives at her house uninvited and the two start to live together. Although a vampire, Sophie never attacks humans, but purchases blood and anime goods via mail and lives a modern life.
 The original manga revolves around a girl named Yokoi who sits next to a boy only known as Seki-kun. During class, Seki-kun continues to not pay attention and instead creates amazing little distractions, such as a detailed golf course with the course’s hole being a dent in his desk, or an entire dramatic war being played out by paper shogi pieces. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher!
 The original manga revolves around a girl named Yokoi who sits next to a boy only known as Seki-kun. During class, Seki-kun continues to not pay attention and instead creates amazing little distractions, such as a detailed golf course with the course's hole being a dent in his desk, or an entire dramatic war being played out by paper shogi pieces. Yokoi often finds herself getting reluctantly interested in his games, even though they always seem to end up getting HER in trouble with the teacher!
 Tonari no Seki-kun OVA
 Two unaired episodes included in the DVD Set release of Tonari no Seki-kun series. #1. Field Trip (Rinkan Gakkou) (first volume) #2. Snow Playing (Yuki Asobi) (second volume)
 Follow the adventures of Satsuki and her four-year-old sister Mei when they move into a new home in the countryside. To their delight they discover that their new neighbor is a mysterious forest spirit called Totoro who can be seen only through the eyes of a child. Totoro introduces them to extraordinary characters, including a cat that doubles as a bus, takes them on a journey through the wonders of nature.
 This animated story features Manxmouse, the mouse that looks like a rabbit, and all because of his ears. Join in the adventures in this delightful story.
 Along with three other heroes, 27-year-old Mukouda Tsuyoshi is transported into a fantasy world to rescue a kingdom from a mysterious threat. However, it soon becomes clear that Tsuyoshi has been dragged into the summoning ritual by accident. His only skill turns out to be "Food Menu," which allows him to open an interface where he can purchase and obtain food-related supermarket items from modern Japan.Unceremoniously booted out of the palace, Tsuyoshi sets out on his own into his new world. However, his ability to create delicious dishes unknown to this world soon pays dividends, even attracting the legendary wolf Fenrir. Fenrir is so taken in by the food that the creature immediately forms a contract with Tsuyoshi, becoming his familiar. Followed by this whimsical mythical being, Tsuyoshi takes up a job as a merchant and adventurer, travelling and cooking up mouth-watering meals that never fail to amaze the inhabitants of this world.
 The series began in the middle of a game of hide and seek, as a young boy named Justin Casey (Gen) finishes counting and begins searching for his friends Angela (usually called "Angie") and Corkey Roberts (Kanna and Tsukubo Natsuyama).As he searched for the brother and sister in the wooded area, a storm occurred all of a sudden. Justin managed to sneak up on the two before the rain started pouring, forcing them to run for cover. They would eventually find a house in the wooded area, previously unseen according to Justin. At first glance it appeared nobody was home after entering the house, until they discovered a robot named Solar Ion Robot (Kadenchin), or the acronym SIR. They would soon meet the owner of the house, Professor Humphrey Bumble (Dr. Tokio Taimu), who introduced the children to his greatest creation, a time machine. Professor Bumble's attempt at recreating Benjamin Franklin's famous lightning experiment with the use of a kite flying outside the house to get the machine working only led up to SIR's temporary change in personality before sending the entire house on course for the past.The children never realized how long the journey back home would be due to Professor Bumble's misguidance and errors in time travel, but in the meantime they witnessed and participated (with little or no consequences) in numerous events in the Bible's New Testament, from John the Baptist's birth to the rise of the Apostle Paul."
 Qian Yunxi, the oldest daughter of the prime minister was born with a special ability. Because of this she was deemed 'abnormal' and was raised at Mt. Lin Yun. Upon turning 16, she took her younger sister's place to marry into the royal family of Ye. Rumors say Ye Youming is strange, cold and cruel. Just how will Qian Yunxi's fate play out?
 A Jack of All Trades is a person who can competently do all kinds of jobs. Loser Zhang Dabao is a professional Jack of All Trades, but his living conditions are, shall we say, less than satisfactory. One day, a beautiful woman who is being harassed by a pervert approaches him for help. He accepts, and soon embarks on a mission like nothing the world has seen before.
 Memoru is one of 245 people who came to earth from the Riruru Star when their ship had an emergency crash-landing on earth. Memoru's people have such tiny bodies that they could stand on a human's palm. One day she hears lovely music, and she follows its source and comes upon a huge house she hasn't seen before to find a girl taller than her playing on the piano. Memoru visited her again secretly with her friends Popitu, Rupangu, and Pi, but the human girl, Marielle, seemed sick and likely to die any moment. Feeling sad for the girl, Memoru's tear drops on the girl's lips. The girl gets better and a strong friendship starts between them.
 Having grown up ridiculed for his bizarre name, Nasa Yuzaki strives to be remembered for something more. Fortunately, it seems he's on the right path, ranking first in the nation's mock exams and set to enter his high school of choice.However, everything changes in a single night when he notices a girl across the street on his way home. Enraptured by her overwhelming cuteness, it's love at first sight for Nasa. But in his infatuated daze, he fails to notice the approaching danger speeding down the road and finds himself at death's door. Barely alive thanks to the girl's intervention, Nasa musters the courage to confess his love to her, fearing she might otherwise vanish from his life. She accepts his proposal on one condition
 Having grown up ridiculed for his bizarre name, Nasa Yuzaki strives to be remembered for something more. Fortunately, it seems he's on the right path, ranking first in the nation's mock exams and set to enter his high school of choice.However, everything changes in a single night when he notices a girl across the street on his way home. Enraptured by her overwhelming cuteness, it's love at first sight for Nasa. But in his infatuated daze, he fails to notice the approaching danger speeding down the road and finds himself at death's door. Barely alive thanks to the girl's intervention, Nasa musters the courage to confess his love to her, fearing she might otherwise vanish from his life. She accepts his proposal on one condition
 Second season of Tonikaku Kawaii.
 Second season of Tonikaku Kawaii.
 Special episode of Tonikaku Kawaii scheduled to be released Summer 2022.
 Special episode of Tonikaku Kawaii released Fall 2022.
 When Nasa is called in to work suddenly, Tsukasa faces her first night alone since they married. Struck with loneliness, she takes ahold of the smartphone that Nasa gave her as a gift. Even when apart, they remain connected at the heart.
 When Nasa is called in to work suddenly, Tsukasa faces her first night alone since they married. Struck with loneliness, she takes ahold of the smartphone that Nasa gave her as a gift. Even when apart, they remain connected at the heart.
 Agetarou works at his family's tonkatsu restaurant in Shibuya, but he's not very excited by the work. One day, he takes a delivery to the staff of a night club, and the worker lets him in to enjoy the club for a while. Agetarou finds that he loves the club, with its relaxed people and cute girls, all enjoying the music supplied by the DJ. He continues going to the club, until the night comes when the guest American DJ Big Master Fly puts on a show. Agetarou is inspired by Big Master Fly, and realizes that the groove of being a DJ is very similar to the groove of being a tonkatsu chef. Now Agetarou is determined to master both disciplines, though he is most excited to become a DJ!
 The manga follows the humorous exploits of generals during Japan's tumultuous Sengoku (Era of the Warring States) period.
 Comedy parodying famous samurai generals and historical events.
 Similar to the Gunbuster! Science Lesson these are short "omake" bonus features bundled on the Blu-ray Box Complete Edition of the Top wo Nerae 2! Diebuster.Each short lasts around three minutes, and features super deformed versions of Nono, Lal`C Melk Mark and the Dix-Neuf explaining the various scientific aspects of the series.

 A series of shorts related to Gunbuster.
 The science lessons are short "omake" bonus features originally present on the first two volumes. Each short lasts around two minutes, and stars super deformed versions of Noriko, Kazumi and the Coach explaining the various scientific aspects of the series.
 It's a new school year and Ryuuji Takasu discovers that not only is he in the same class as his best friend, Yuusaku Kitamura, but also Minori Kushieda whom he's had an undisclosed crush on for quite some time. Along with the two of them comes the "Palmtop Tiger", tiny Taiga Aisaka and Minori's best friend. Despite her small stature, Taiga takes nothing from anybody and is secretly in love with Kitamura. Ryuuji and Taiga, despite their oil and water relationship, agree to mutually support each other in their quests for their hearts' desire.
 An unaired episode included in the Blu-ray box set.Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it.
 Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it.
 Toradora DVD shorts featuring the miniature forms of the Toradora characters talking about, and eating, food.
 In the world of Toriko, many extravagant and delicious ingredients exist in the most dangerous places, and it is up to the Bishoku-ya, or Gourmet Food Providers, to hunt down these animals and plants in the face of danger. Toriko is one such Bishoku-ya, taking his place as one of the Four Heavenly Kings of Bishoku-ya with his immense strength and appetite. Together with Komatsu, a timid chef trianed in the art of preparing food; Coco, the poisonous Bishoku-ya who can see the future; Terry Cloth, the offspring of a clone of the long-extinct Battle Wolf; and many more, Toriko takes on job after job while searching for the foods great enough to make it into his dream full-course meal.
 Toei Animation is producing the Jump Heroes Film double billing 3D films of Toriko and One Piece with original stories.
 The new Toriko movie.
 Special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour in 2009.In a world where the taste and texture of food is extremely important, there exist individuals known as Bishoku-ya (luxury food providers) who specialize in the acquisition of rare ingredients and animals. Toriko is one of these hunters and it is his dream to find the most precious foods in the world and create the ultimate dinner course. As one of the most skilled hunters in the world he is regularly hired by restaurants and the rich to seek out new ingredients and rare animals.A man with inhuman ability, he utilizes his incredible strength and knowledge of the animal kingdom to capture ferocious, evasive and rare beasts to further his final goal, the ultimate dinner course composed of the most delicious food in the world. He is currently accompanied by a weak and timid chef who, inspired by Toriko's ambition, travels with him to improve his culinary skills and find rare ingredients.
 Toshokan Sensou tells the story of Kasahara Iku, the first woman to join the Library Task Force. In the near future in Japan, the Media Enhancement Law has been forced upon the population censoring all books and media. To counter this, the Library Defense Force was created. To protect themselves against the Media Enhancement Law Commission, all major libraries are fully equipped with a military Task Force, who take it upon themselves to protect the books and freedom of media of the people.This anime follows Iku and her fellow soldiers as they protect various special books and artifacts from the oppression of the Media Enhancement Law Commission. A love story, war story, and comedy all rolled into one.
 Kasahara Iku and Dojo Atsushi receive an emergency recall in the middle of their date as Japan is rocked by a terror attack. Their new duty is a protection detail assigned to Touma Kurato, an author. Meanwhile, the relationship between Librarians and the Media Purity Committee is also worsening. During yet another hostile confrontation, Dojo is seriously wounded. Although Kasahara is badly flustered by this turn of events, Dojo still sees fit to entrust her with Touma's protection.
 Let not an Outsider touch thee,Lest thou shalt be cursed forever.Once upon a time, in a land far away that was divided into two realms...The Outside was roamed by teratomorphic creatures who had the power to curse whoever they touched. Humans could live safely only in the Inside. But when a lost little girl from the Inside named Shiva, and a demonic beast-looking Outsider simply known as "Teacher" initiate a quiet coexistence on the same side of the forest, their bond seems to transcend their incompatible natures. It is the beginning of a folktale about two outcasts -one human, one inhuman- who linger in the hazy twilight that separates night from day.
 OVA bundled with the special edition of the manga's side story.
 OVA bundled with the special edition of the manga's side story.
 This gag comedy series focused on the adventures of a bizarre superhero powered by special cooking and fights against various aliens and other enemies threatening the planet Earth.
 He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable
 He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable
 Tottoko Hamutaro Hai! is the sequel to Tottoko Hamutaro, or in English, Hamtaro. The series revolves around the 15 original Ham-Hams in short 5-minute episodes. The Hai! series is animated differently from the original series, most notably, the head-to-body ratio is off, and it is also computer-generated in 3-D.
 This movie is a TV special that spun off from the popular anime show "Touch". The show follows the story of Tatsuya who moved to the U.S. to become a major league baseball player, and Minami who retired from rhythmic sportive gymnastics.
 This fourth movie takes place a couple of years after the series.Minami and Tatsuya are both in college now. Different colleges, I might add. Tatsuya has quit playing baseball. Nitta is still pursuing Minami. And Tatsuya has a mysterious girl named Kaori at his college that seems to like him. So, how will all this affect the relationship between Minami and Tatsuya?
 Marisa, an ordinary magician, suspects a youkai is behind the winterly weather in the middle of spring. She goes off to investigate and soon arrives in the netherworld, facing the youkai behind the strange incident. Will her friend, the shrine maiden Reimu, arrive in time to save the day or will all be lost?
 Welcome to the fascinating world of Gensokyo, in which youkai (A term for all sorts of spiritual creatures), animals and some humans live, completely separated from our world by a magical barrier. The only gateway between the two worlds is the Hakurei shrine.Reimu Hakurei is the maiden working at said shrine. Whenever problems of supernatural causes (known as "Incidents") occur, Reimu goes out with her friends to investigate, eliminate the cause and hopefully restore Gensokyo to its equilibrium.
 Touka Gettan is set in the land of Kamitsumihara, where traces of magic and legend can still be seen. The land has been under the protection of the Kamiazuma clan since it was founded. The story revolves around T?ka Kamiazuma, the main protagonist, and his encounter with a young girl named Momoka Kawakabe who comes to stay with the clan. Their meeting sets off a chain of events that will bring an ancient legend to life.
 The year is 2205. The "historical revisionists" have begun attacks on the past in their plot to change history. The Saniwa, who have been charged with protecting history, can imbue life into objects. Strongest among these are the Touken Danshi. The story centers around their cheerful lives.
 The year is 2205. The "historical revisionists" have begun attacks on the past in their plot to change history. The Saniwa, who have been charged with protecting history, can imbue life into objects. Strongest among these are the Touken Danshi. The story centers around their cheerful lives.
 For one year, Master Swordsman Eiji Shinjo has been haunted by the memory of his battle with the renegade champion, Gaia - a battle that was cut short by the forces of the malevolent syndicate known as "the organization."Denied victory, Eiji left the tournament followed by his opponents mocking laughter. Worse still, Eiji walked away no closer to finding his long lost brother, Sho. But now, a mysterious warrior is hunting down the champions of the previous tournament and using their own moves against them - and it looks like that person may be Sho. Who is this powerful new foe and who is his next target?Eiji and Kayin, his closest friend and greatest rival, struggle to unravel the mystery before they, too, join the ranks of the defeated. The answer lies at the heart of the Organization and its plans for world domination. At last, the ultimate battle between the greatest fighters in the world will be decided. But if Eiji loses, his friends - Ellis - may Die...
 At the end of the 21st century, the discovery of a new energy source called "DG energy" (short for "divine grace energy") has revolutionized Earth's economy and allowed humanity to colonize space. However, when the initial expedition reaches Pluto, they are attacked by a mysterious, giant life-form known as "Nergal."The Earth Alliance Army fights back by creating an "AG Unit" using ancient robot weapons known as the "G's Frame" which were excavated from archaeological sites all around the world. Girls with special qualities known as "Ancient Girls" can pilot these robots against the Nergal. However, the first AG Unit suffers heavy casualties in the Jupiter Trojan campaign, and the pilot of Unit 04, Minamiya Reiu, goes missing-in-action...Years later, Minamiya Reika, the younger sister of Reiu, enlists with the AG Unit to search for her sister and to protect the Earth from the Nergal. A story of friendship, ancient robot weapons, and battles to the death with the Nergal ensuesJapanese dub verrson.
 The third of Tadao Nagahama's Romance Super Robot Trilogy. (#1
 Based on the Japanese variety show of the same name.The anime is set in the future when human has migrated to the Moon due to Earth's climate change. The anime incorporates its own elements such as the human drama of survival on a diverse field that blurs countries and eras such as Shibuya, Edo-period Japan, and London.
 The anime will show ancient Egyptian gods relaxing and enjoying their time.
 Second season of Toutotsu ni Egypt Shin web series.
 In a futuristic Tokyo, unique human beings who have awakened distinct super powers are being hunted by a secret organisation named Custos. Known as Attractors, these exceptional humans are joining forces to defend themselves. They are led by a boy named Quon, an idealist who is determined to save all Attractors...
 This story follows a boy named Quon and his friends, who are "Attractors". Attractors are human beings who have awakened and have supernatural powers. Quon is determined to save them all. But a secret organization is hunting them...
 Half a year has passed since monsters disappeared from the the tower of druaga, thanks to Jil and his companions who defeated the evil god Druaga, Jil and Fatina survived the colapse of the tower and try to live their lives after the betrayal of Neeba and Kaaya.This changed when they rescue a little girl named Kai who tells Jil to take him to the top of the tower, after showing him and unpleasent vision of the future.. Jill embarks on a quest with his companions for a fabled and powerful artifact rumored to be in the highest floor of the Tower of Druaga. However, other competitors, including the kingdom of Uruk itself, want the treasure for their own reasons. Genre
 Half a year has passed since monsters disappeared from the the tower of druaga, thanks to Jil and his companions who defeated the evil god Druaga, Jil and Fatina survived the colapse of the tower and try to live their lives after the betrayal of Neeba and Kaaya.This changed when they rescue a little girl named Kai who tells Jil to take him to the top of the tower, after showing him and unpleasent vision of the future. Jill embarks on a quest with his companions for a fabled and powerful artifact rumored to be in the highest floor of the Tower of Druaga. However, other competitors, including the kingdom of Uruk itself, want the treasure for their own reasons. Genre
 The Toyama Kankou Anime Project is a visualization of the three most popular tourist spots of the Toyama prefecture

 Fleeing from the war that has raged on the planet Cybertron for millions of years, the heroic Autobots led by Optimus Prime encounter a surprise attack by the evil Decepticons led by Megatron. The ensuing melee aboard the Autobot ship ends when the ship crashes on a volcano. Four million years later, an earthquake reactivates the ship’s computer and resurrects both the Autobots and Decepticons, resuming the great war of the Transformers.
 On the mechanical planet of Cybertron live super robotic organisms known as Transformers. There, mainly consisting of convoys, the Cybertron army, and their old enemy Destron fell into conflict to gain hold of a new power to join their side. A new breed of Transformers known as the Microns. But, grieving over the battle the Microns set off to the other end of the universe. 4 million years later, on Earth, 3 young children activated a mysterious panel inside a cave. And somehow, that was the dormant Micron...
 Three hundred years have passed since the Great War between the Autobots and Decepticons. Cybertron is ruled by the Maximals, the descendants of the Autobots. They are at peace with the Predacons, the descendants of the Decepticons. One particular Predacon is looking to start trouble again. Megatron gathered a crew and stole Cybertron’s most guarded relic
 Forced to abandon their home planet of Cybertron due to the threat of the Blackhole, Optimus Prime prepares to lead his autobot warriors to Earth. Just as they are leaving they are confronted by Vector Prime who warns Optimus Prime of the threat to the galaxy if the four Cyber Planet Keys are not gathered in time. However, Megatron has plans of his own for the universe. As they embark on the search, they land on new planets which are inhabited by different Transformer races as well as the Convoys who lead these planets.
 Forced to abandon their home planet of Cybertron due to the threat of the Blackhole, Optimus Prime prepares to lead his autobot warriors to Earth. Just as they are leaving they are confronted by Vector Prime who warns Optimus Prime of the threat to the galaxy if the four Cyber Planet Keys are not gathered in time. However, Megatron has plans of his own for the universe. As they embark on the search, they land on new planets which are inhabited by different Transformer races as well as the Convoys who lead these planets.
 Headmasters starts with Galvatron leading a new batch of Destrons to wage war on Cybertron, the Destron Headmasters. The Cybertrons are rescued by the arrival of the Cybertron Headmasters, led by Fortress (Cerebros, the head of Fortress Maximus). It is revealed that Fortress Maximus left Cybertron millions of years ago in search of energy, and have finally managed to come home. He explains that the Headmasters are from a planet called Master; the human-sized robots who live there built themselves Transformers-sized bodies. They can then transform themselves into the heads of the robots, and have now joined the Cybertron-Destron war.
 Headmasters starts with Galvatron leading a new batch of Destrons to wage war on Seibertron, the Destron Headmasters. The Cybertrons are rescued by the arrival of the Cybertron Headmasters, led by Fortress (Cerebros, the head of Fortress Maximus). It is revealed that Fortress left Seibertron millions of years ago in search of energy, and have finally managed to come home. He explains that the Headmasters are from a planet called Master; the human-sized robots who live there built themselves Transformers-sized bodies. They can then transform themselves into the heads of the robots, and have now joined the Cybertron-Destron war.

 Chronicles the epic battle between the Decepticons and the Autobots in their mission to defend Earth and one day restore their home planet of Cybertron.
 It has been 10 years since the fateful battle with Unicron. Many of the Decepticons who fought in the battle against Unicron have joined forces with the Autobos to mine for Energon, an alternate energy source. But a new source of evil has a risen, Alpha Q who plans to steal the Energon from the Autobots with the help of Scorponok and the Terrorcons. This new evil is trying to revive Megatron and Unicron in order to rekindle the old flames of war.
 It has been 10 years since the fateful battle with Unicron. Many of the Decepticons who fought in the battle against Unicron have joined forces with the Autobos to mine for Energon, an alternate energy source. But a new source of evil has a risen, Alpha Q who plans to steal the Energon from the Autobots with the help of Scorponok and the Terrorcons. This new evil is trying to revive Megatron and Unicron in order to rekindle the old flames of war.

 Transformers crash land on present day Earth and inadvertently cause a technological revolution. They wake up 50 years later in a world where robots are used in everyday life. StarScream arrives looking for their AllSpark.
 Transformers crash land on present day Earth and inadvertently cause a technological revolution. They wake up 50 years later in a world where robots are used in everyday life. StarScream arrives looking for their AllSpark.
 Transformers crash land on present day Earth and inadvertently cause a technological revolution. They wake up 50 years later in a world where robots are used in everyday life. StarScream arrives looking for their AllSpark.
 The Transformers' war continues in an older time, through a new generation. On pliocenic Earth, the heroic Maximals and the evil Predacons battle for survival against each other and against a violent planet.
 The evil Gigatron has led his forces of Destrongers to Earth, where they seek to pillage the planet for its vast energy resources in order to fuel their war against the Autobots. If successful, the Destrongers will finally be able to tip the scale of power in the war to their favor, eliminating the Autobots and moving on to conquer the universe. To this end, the Destrongers kidnap the scientist Dr. Ohnishi, Earth's leading scientist on energy and natural resources.Dr. Oonishi's son, Koji, is contacted by none other than Fire Convoy, who takes the boy on a mission to rescue his father. Although Fire Convoy and the other Autobots fight valiantly, they are unable to rescue the doctor from the Destrongers. Now it is up to the Autobots and Koji to rescue Dr. Oonishi and protect the Earth and its resources from Gigatron and his army.
 An evil race of transforming robots known as the Destronger make their appearance known by invading a world exposition in New York and abducting Professor Onishi, a renowned scientist. The professor's son Yuuki befriends Fire Convoy and the heroic Cybertron forces, who will stop at nothing to rescue the professor and protect Earth from the wrath of Gigatron and his Destron henchmen.
 Even though the Decepticons have been driven off Earth, a small team of Autobot Pretenders have remained behind, just in case. Led by Metalhawk ("Hawk" in his human identity), the Pretenders live among the humans, using their Pretender shells to assume human size and appearance. The Autobots' caution is rewarded
 Even though the Decepticons have been driven off Earth, a small team of Autobot Pretenders have remained behind, just in case. Led by Metalhawk ("Hawk" in his human identity), the Pretenders live among the humans, using their Pretender shells to assume human size and appearance. The Autobots' caution is rewarded
 The Transformers war heats up when the Autobots and Decepticons create combining robots to battle each other.
 In the aftermath of the Titans’ conflict that concluded into Optimus Prime’s death, the rest of the Transformers must stand together in order to stop Megatronus from wiping out their species forever. During their search for the Requiem Blaster, more mysteries about Cybertron’s past will be uncovered, and a new Prime will be chosen
 Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts
 Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts
 Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts
 Follow the adventure of four young transformers, Heatwave, Chase, Blades and Boulder, and their human counterparts
 When a new army of Decepticons appear, Bumblebee must lead a new team of Autobots to Earth against their eternal foes.
 Transformers
 Transformers
 Years after the events of Predacons Rising, Bumblebee is summoned back to Earth to battle several of Cybertron's most wanted Decepticons that escaped from a crashed prison ship and assembles a team of young Autobots that includes Sideswipe (a rebel "bad boy bot"), Strongarm (an Elite Guard cadet), Grimlock (a bombastic Dinobot)
 Beginning with a recap of the coming of the Transformers to Earth and the story of Devastator, the OVA then gets its original story underway, as the Autobots are shown to be in the midst of constructing the powerful "Scramble City," overseen by their newest arrival, Ultra Magnus.When the Decepticons learn of this, their combiner robots are deployed to attack, and a battle between them and their Autobot counterparts ensues.
 It is the year 2005. Twenty-one years after the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons resumed their neverending war on planet Earth, the Decepticons have conquered the robots' home planet Cybertron. After a surprise attack by the Decepticons, both factions wage a gruesome battle at Autobot City. In the midst of the battle, Autobot leader Optimus Prime dies during his fight with Decepticon leader Megatron. The Autobot Matrix of Leadership is then passed on to second-in-command Ultra Magnus. Meanwhile, a badly-damaged Megatron is jettisoned by Starscream into deep space, where he encounters the planet-eating robot Unicron and is reborn as Galvatron, the new Decepticon leader. With Galvatron's reign on the rise and Unicron's imminent arrival within Cybertron's orbit, the Autobots must act quickly and protect the Matrix or face total annihilation.
 The autobots and decepticons have obtained peace with one another after the combiner wars. now all of cybertron is in danger from a new/old enemy’s.
 Animated series set in the world of battling Autobots and Decepticons.
 Animated series set in the world of battling Autobots and Decepticons.
 Arc 1
 Based on the same story that produced the classic musical 'The Sound of Music', this is the story of Maria, who leaves her life in a convent to take up the responsibility of taking care of Captain Trapp's children.

 Set in Manila where the mythical creatures of Philippine folklore live in hiding amongst humans, Alexandra Trese finds herself going head to head with a criminal underworld comprised of malevolent supernatural beings.
 Set in Manila where the mythical creatures of Philippine folklore live in hiding amongst humans, Alexandra Trese finds herself going head to head with a criminal underworld comprised of malevolent supernatural beings.
 Mochizuki General Hospital boasts some of the most well-trained (and well-endowed) nurses in town. But though these ladies spend much of their day battling sickness, their after-hours are spent fighting a very different sort of disease... Under the leadership of the hospital chairman, a handful of staff members and local teenagers form a group of mercenary assassins, targeting the "cancers" of society and excising those individuals before their wickedness spreads.
 Unaired episode 11 of the Triage X series bundled with the 12th manga volume.
 The protagonist Haneru is a middle school student who loves dancing. He can't sit still, as he even feels the rhythm of the sound of chalk in class. One day after school, Haneru Hiryuu meets Kanon who is practicing dancing at a secret training facility. The two know the joy of dancing together with others for the first time and the happiness of seeing their own dance moves. Japan's first full-fledged dance anime, depicting coming-of-age through meeting friends and dance battles with rivals, debuts!
 Haru Shirogane is a weak-minded person who is constantly bullied while Taiga has traveled from across the sea in hopes of becoming the strongest man in the world. One night, the two meet up with Shun Kamiya, the strongest XB (Extreme Baseball) player, and leader of the Minato Tribe. When they meet, each of the Tribes scattered throughout Neo-Tokyo are about to face a major threat.On the orders of the King of Neo-Tokyo, "Houtenshin", from the Chiyoda Tribe, led by the mysterious Ojiro Otori, has started to take control of all the tribes in the country. Their evil clutches are about to reach the Minato Tribe...
 Haru Shirogane is a weak-minded person who is constantly bullied while Taiga has traveled from across the sea in hopes of becoming the strongest man in the world. One night, the two meet up with Shun Kamiya, the strongest XB (Extreme Baseball) player, and leader of the Minato Tribe. When they meet, each of the Tribes scattered throughout Neo-Tokyo are about to face a major threat.On the orders of the King of Neo-Tokyo, "Houtenshin", from the Chiyoda Tribe, led by the mysterious Ojiro Otori, has started to take control of all the tribes in the country. Their evil clutches are about to reach the Minato Tribe...
 The time period is the 2030s. Before the mysterious detective Kogorou Akechi, the Boys' Detective Team is assembled. Their actions have led to the resolution of various small and large incidents. One day, team member Kensuke Hanasaki meets a mysterious boy named Yoshio Kobayashi. Kobayashi, who has an undying body because of an "unidentified fog," wishes his own death and refuses contact with others. Hanasaki takes an interest in Kobayashi and invites him to join the Boys' Detective Team. The encounter eventually leads them to the connection between the criminal nicknamed the "Fiend with Twenty Faces" and Kogorou Akechi. The fate of the two begins to move...
 The time period is the 2030s. Before the mysterious detective Kogorou Akechi, the Boys' Detective Team is assembled. Their actions have led to the resolution of various small and large incidents. One day, team member Kensuke Hanasaki meets a mysterious boy named Yoshio Kobayashi. Kobayashi, who has an undying body because of an "unidentified fog," wishes his own death and refuses contact with others. Hanasaki takes an interest in Kobayashi and invites him to join the Boys' Detective Team. The encounter eventually leads them to the connection between the criminal nicknamed the "Fiend with Twenty Faces" and Kogorou Akechi. The fate of the two begins to move...
 Vash the Stampede is a gunman on the run with a 60 billion double dollar bounty on his head which has made it difficult for him to go anywhere without being chased and shot at. Every town he ever visits ends up being destroyed because of his pursuers, but miraculously no one ever gets killed.Meryl and Milly are two insurance agents that have been sent to find Vash the Stampede and keep him under surveillance so no more damage is caused. Meryl, who leads the pair, refuses to believe that the man they have met can possibly be the legendary gunman. This spikey haired, gangly, young man is extremely friendly, a pacifist, hates blood and suicide, absolutely loves donuts, and is a dork and a crybaby (far from a notorious outlaw). But there is more to Vash and his past than meets the eye. Genre
 Trigun takes place in the distant future on a deserted planet. Vash the Stampede is a gunfighter with a legend so ruthless that he has a $$60,000,000,000 bounty on his head. Entire towns are evacuated upon hearing rumors of his arrival. However, the real Vash the Stampede is not the same man that rumor portrays him to be. The enigmatic and conflicted lead character in Trigun is actually more heroic in nature, and at times a complete and utter idiot.
 The story is set in Macca, a town surrounded by quicksand. With rumours spreading that the legendary robber Gasback has his sights set on the town, the mayor Kepler has brought together bounty hunters to protect the town. These bounty hunters have been following Gasback from town to town in hopes of bagging the prize. Meryl and Milly have come to town to assess the situation as insurance agents, but are shocked by this turn of events. Moreover, Vash the Stampede is also in town, along with the female bounty hunter Amelia and Nicholas D. Wolfwood.
 20 years after meddling into the bank heist of a notorious robber named Gasback, Vash the Stampede is heading towards Macca City. Rumors say that the legendary thief might appear there causing an enormous influx of bounty hunters in the area who want to collect the $$300,000,000 prize for his head.
 The background is in the distant future after the destruction brought about by Armageddon. The war between the vampires and the humans continue to persist. In order to protect the humans from the vampires, Vatican has to rely on other allies to counter the situation.The protagonist, a priest called Peter Abel Nightroad, travels through the countries as a representative for the Vaticans. However, he is also part of “Ax”, a special operations group controlled by the Cardinal Catherina. His encounter with a young girl called Esther will determine the struggle and survival between the human race and the vampires. Genre
 The background is in the distant future after the destruction brought about by Armageddon. The war between the vampires and the humans continue to persist. In order to protect the humans from the vampires, the Vatican has to rely on other allies to counter the situation. The protagonist, Abel Nightroad, is a traveling priest from the Vatican and a crusnik, a vampire that drinks the blood of vampires. He is a member of the "Ax", a special operations group led by Cardinal Catherina Sforza. He encounters a young girl called Esther, who decides to go with him to Rome and train at the Vatican. Soon after he meets her, the order of Rozencreuz, led by Abel's twin, Cain, tries to continue the war so they can rule the world. It's up to Abel and the AX to try and stop them.
 Everyday is a normal day in the small town where Kasuga Arata lives. However, everything changed on the day of the Black Sun, and following it, a magician appears before him. The Black Sun caused the Breakdown Phenomenon which destroyed the town where he lives. Because of this, his normal life was artificially reconstructed by a Grimoire that his childhood friend had left. Just what is the purpose of the magician coming to the town? What will he do with the Grimoire's keepsake?http
 Heavens Library & Crimson Lord brings back Arata, Lilith, and the rest of the Trinity Seven to face off against the greatest enemy in the history of the Trinity Seven; Lilith's own father, who is revealed to be the strongest Demon Lord, challenges Arata who is now a Demon Lord candidate.
 The film's story begins when Arata inadvertently touches "Hermes Apocrypha," Lilith's Grimoire. Suddenly, he is enveloped by a bright white light, and a girl appears before him. She calls herself Lilim, and treats both Arata and Lilith as her parents. At the same time she appears, something changes in the world. The forbidden Eternal Library awakens. In the Library is sealed the ultimate culmination of Alchemy, the White Demon Lord. The White Demon Lord plots to eliminate Arata and the Trinity Seven to usurp the position of Demon Lord. Bristling with untold power, the White Demon Lord attacks Arata, and triggers a desperate crisis where Arata and the Trinity Seven must save the world in this last battle.
 Bundled with limited edition of the 11th compiled volume of the manga. The premise of the OVA will be written by Kenji Saitou and will deal with a "hilarious festival." The 11th volume is scheduled to be shipped on March 25th.
 A young girl from a fairy-tale world, Zocco searches the real world for her missing mother. She is accompanied by Minime, a magical companion / pet that her mother created for her.
 New Pretty Cure serie.
 The story takes place in the wintry land of Shantia, with Manatsu and the others invited to the land by its princess Sharon. But as they arrive, a mysterious monster attacks Shantia, and it is closed off to outsiders.
 Cacao, a student at Micro Grand Academy, wakes up one morning to find a girl made of wood sleeping in bed with him. She is Hinano, a tree spirit who possessed the body of a wooden puppet after Cacao messed up his magic teacher's spell. Having taken an instant liking to Cacao, Hinano enrolls in his school. Between Hinano, monsters, two strange twins and their four-eyed cat master, a demon boy, odd teachers and students, and the fact that he may have the potential to be one of the greatest magic users of all time, Cacao's life seems to have taken several turns for the worse...and the weird.
 Cacao, a student at Micro Grand Academy, wakes up one morning to find a girl made of wood sleeping in bed with him. She is Hinano, a tree spirit who possessed the body of a wooden puppet after Cacao messed up his magic teacher's spell. Having taken an instant liking to Cacao, Hinano enrolls in his school. Between Hinano, monsters, two strange twins and their four-eyed cat master, a demon boy, odd teachers and students, and the fact that he may have the potential to be one of the greatest magic users of all time, Cacao's life seems to have taken several turns for the worse...and the weird.
 When Morisaki Yuuta ran into a girl in the school hallway that day, he had no idea his life would change forever. As a member of the photography club and a fledgling to the world of women, Yuuta's life has been turned upside down by the entrance of not one, but several women into his life! From old friends to new acquaintances, it will be tough figuring out who to choose!It is based on the latest installment of the True Love Story series of dating sims.
 Shinichiro is a student living in what would be a dream come true for most high school boys, but for him is mostly a frustration. A well liked girl in school named Hiromi has lived in his house for a year along with his family. Her father was a close friend of the family, and when he died they immediately took her in.She is popular and well liked, always smiles, is talented in sports- but Shinichiro knows there must be tears inside her. Having an artistic tendency, he makes watercolours of her and thinks about wishing to ease her tears. Yet he cannot bring up the nerve to talk to her even in his own home. She, too, is quiet and withdrawn in their house, quite unlike at school. Shinichiro is also distracted by teasing from his friend Nobuse for watching Hiromi from afar, a curse of bad luck from a strange girl named Noe, and being forced to perform Muhiga dancing. By helping Noe he hopes to ease his own problems, yet he seems to have difficulty helping himself. Genre
 30-second sketches/omakes based around the events of the TV series with little twists.
 Riku Haruma enters high school without a future in sight. He sees people playing like monsters on the ground, jumping higher than anyone else, running fast, deciding to try their best. There, he sees Akira Kariya playing rugby, a sport he was once passionate about but gave up due to his physique. While Akira is running roughly, Riku gives him a piece of advice without thinking. From that, Riku feels his dying passion for the sport set ablaze, and his future starts to brighten up...
 During an excavation at the mysterious ruins in Clow Country, Syaoran discovers his childhood friend Princess Sakura appear on the site with wings that disperse into many feathers. As the feather's disappear to different dimensions, so does Sakura's memory. In attempts to save Sakura's life and restore her memory, Syaoran travels through to another world to find a solution. There's only one thing left he can do. Travel through to different dimensions to collect Sakura's feathers. Helping out with the quest is Kurogane, an exiled ninja from Japan Country who wishes to return to his world, the runaway magician, Fay, who desires to jump between each world never to return to his own and the white meat-bun shaped creature, Mokona.
 Syaoran, Sakura, Kurogane, Fai and Mokona's journey through to different world's continue as they search for Sakura's feathers. The fated journey slowly becomes more complicated for our travelers, as they find themselves diving deeper into more dangerous worlds. Takes place immediately after the first season. Based on the manga by CLAMP.
 Syaoran, a boy who wants to become an archeologist, and Sakura, a princess from the Clow Kingdom, are childhood friends with a close relationship. On a fateful night, Sakura lost all her memories as a result of a conspiracy to obtain her powers. In order to regain her memory, Syaoran seeks help from the witch, Yuuko. Yuuko tells Syaoran that he has to travel from one alternate reality to another to collect fragments of Sakura’s memory.However, even if Sakura regains her memory, she will have no recollection of Syaoran. Travelling together with them is Kurogane, a warrior who was exiled from his country, and Fye, a magician who wants to escape from his King. With the help of a magical creature, Mokona, they set off on an exciting journey through time and space. Genre
 Syaoran, a boy who wants to become an archeologist, and Sakura, a princess from the Clow Kingdom, are childhood friends with a close relationship. On a fateful night, Sakura lost all her memories as a result of a conspiracy to obtain her powers. In order to regain her memory, Syaoran seeks help from the witch, Yuuko. Yuuko tells Syaoran that he has to travel from one alternate reality to another to collect fragments of Sakura’s memory.However, even if Sakura regains her memory, she will have no recollection of Syaoran. Travelling together with them is Kurogane, a warrior who was exiled from his country, and Fye, a magician who wants to escape from his King. With the help of a magical creature, Mokona, they set off on an exciting journey through time and space. Genre
 Syaoran, a boy who wants to become an archeologist, and Sakura, a princess from the Clow Kingdom, are childhood friends with a close relationship. On a fateful night, Sakura lost all her memories as a result of a conspiracy to obtain her powers. In order to regain her memory, Syaoran seeks help from the witch, Yuuko. Yuuko tells Syaoran that he has to travel from one alternate reality to another to collect fragments of Sakura’s memory.However, even if Sakura regains her memory, she will have no recollection of Syaoran. Travelling together with them is Kurogane, a warrior who was exiled from his country, and Fye, a magician who wants to escape from his King. With the help of a magical creature, Mokona, they set off on an exciting journey through time and space. Genre
 Shaoran and Sakura visit the Birdcage Land guided by Mokona-and-Modoki who were loaned by Yuuko, the Dimension Witch.This world was supposed to be a peaceful land where people lived with birds as partners. But now the king is oppressing his subjects
 Four episodes that will be aired on TV as segments within the children's television program Oha Suta.
 The story revolves around Tsubasa Sonokawa, a 15-year old high school girl who fell in love with her upperclassman when he saved her after she fainted at the train station from anemia. She thought it was a meeting of fate, and visited him at his class every day. However, he told her that her feelings were "heavy," and he dumped her. She once again meets a boy after taking over her friend Yuri's job as boy's basketball team manager. She learns that she might have more of a connection with this boy named Aki than she first thought...
 In their continuing journey to find the feathers that are the fragments of Sakura's lost memory, Syaoran, Kurogane, Fai, and Sakura move through time and space with Mokona. Here, they visit the "Land of the Birdcage," a seemingly peaceful country where people and birds live together, each person having a bird companion. After a boy named Koruri confuses Syaoran and Sakura for "bodyguards" and attacks them, they learn that the king of the country possesses a mysterious power. Princess Tomoyo, Koruri, and the other oppressed citizens, having had their birds taken from them, live in hiding within the forest. In order to take back Sakura's feather, Syaoran and the others stand up against the scheming king.
 subasa/xxxHOLiC ProjectA 4 part OVA released with the limited editions of the Tsubasa and xxxHOLiC volumes.There are two OVAs for each series, with plots linked together.They cover the Nihon Country Arc and scarcely some of the Celes Country Arc.
 Continuing their journey from Record Country (the place that held the book of memories), Syaoran and company land into Tokyo Country, a blood-filled country under war from opposing factions for natural resources and survival. While reluctantly involved in the race to live, the group faces their own problems as certain revelations are made, changing their journey forever.A shocking betrayal and a battle that risks all of their lives. After this revelation, they will never be the same again.
 Second season of Tsugumomo.

 Kotarou Azumi and Akane Mizuno became third year students at junior high school and are classmates for the first time. These two, along with fellow classmates, Chinatsu Nishio and Takumi Hira, relate to their peers through mutual understandings and feelings. As their final year at junior high school progresses, the group overcome their challenges to mature and become aware of changes in themselves.
 Kotarou Azumi and Akane Mizuno became third year students at junior high school and are classmates for the first time. These two, along with fellow classmates, Chinatsu Nishio and Takumi Hira, relate to their peers through mutual understandings and feelings. As their final year at junior high school progresses, the group overcome their challenges to mature and become aware of changes in themselves.(Source
 A series of unaired comedic shorts released with Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Tsuki ga Kirei.
 The fantasy centers around Makoto Misumi, an ordinary high school boy summoned to an alternate world as a brave warrior. Unfortunately, the goddess of the world said with disdain, "Your face is ugly," stripped him of his title, and banished him to the outermost fringes of the wilderness.While wandering the wilderness, Makoto encountered dragons, spiders, orcs, dwarves, and all sorts of other non-human species. Due to differences in the environment from his home world, Makoto now exhibits extraordinary powers in magic and combat. Thus, he survives in this world while dealing with various encounters. The curtain rises on the alternate-world social reform fantasy of a boy forsaken by gods and humans.
 Second Season of Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu.
 A father and daughter in Japan climb to the top of a ridge to watch the moonrise. As they wail, an old man tells them his story. An adaptation of Tetsuya Takeda's story about the relationship between a Japanese child and an American soldier.

 Second season of Tsukipro The Animation.
 In the anime series, the members of Six Gravity and Procellarum are all living in the same dorm building. Hajime Mutsuki and Haru Yayoi, the oldest members of Six Gravity, are first year university students. Each episode of the series will feature a different main character.
 Second season of Tsukiuta. The Animation.
 The series is set during the Edo period, in the Fukagawa ward of old Edo (present-day Tokyo). Because the area is prone to fire and flooding, residents rent everyday items like pots, futons, and clothing from shops instead of purchasing them, so as not to impede them when they flee. Obeni and Seiji, an older sister and younger brother, run one such rental shop called Izumoya. However, mixed in with their inventory are tsukumogami, objects that have turned into spirits after a hundred years of existence. The siblings sometimes lend these sentient items to customers. Both Obeni and Seiji can see and talk to these spirits, and other tsukumogami often come to the store after hearing of the famed siblings.(Source
 Photographer Kohei Morioka, while on assignment for a magazine devoted to the occult, enters a dark castle in Germany where he encounters a young vampire girl named Hazuki who tries to turn him into her servant. While Kohei doesn’t succumb to Hazuki’s will, he does set her free from the barrier keeping her in the castle. He is surprised to find her living with him in Japan.
 Morioka Kouhei wants to become a photographer. Unfortunately, he has the tendency to unintentionally capture the images of ghosts on film.One day, he visits an old castle in Germany where he meets a vampire girl, Hazuki. It turns out that Hazuki is confined in the castle against her will. She tries to turn Kouhei into her slave by sucking his blood, with the intent to have him break the device sealing her in the castle. Although Kouhei proves to be immune to the vampire's curse, he is eventually forced to help her. Hazuki successfully escapes from the castle and leaves for Japan to look for her mother.When she arrives in Japan, she goes to Kohei's house where he lives with his grandfather, who agrees to take in the girl. Due to his own childhood experiences, the sympathetic Kouhei agrees to aid Hazuki in her quest.However, other vampires, including Elfried and Count Kinkell, manage to track Hazuki to Japan. They will stop at nothing to retrieve her.
 DVD special.
 Keisuke Niijima lost his beloved wife, Takae, 10 years ago. Since then, he doesn't feel alive and is seen as a gloomy man. The only family Keisuke is left with is his only daughter, Mai. Keisuke wants Mai to be happy but he has not done anything for his daughter other than providing living expenses. The father and daughter's time stopped 10 years ago. They are living in the same house but live very separate lives and do not communicate well. One day, an elementary school girl appears in front of Niijima's house and claims that she is the reincarnation of Takae.
 8.16 Ranked #373Popularity #1431Members 63,788MovieOh! ProductionAdd to ListEpisodes
 A series depicting various scenarios of young love. These stories range from a boy, crippled by his absolute lack of confidence in himself, cannot even accept the fact that the girl of his dreams actually asked him out on a date, to the near-psychotic girl that pours her own blood into her homemade chocolate in order to win his heart.
 A series depicting various scenarios of young love. These stories range from a boy, crippled by his absolute lack of confidence in himself, cannot even accept the fact that the girl of his dreams actually asked him out on a date, to the near-psychotic girl that pours her own blood into her homemade chocolate in order to win his heart.
 Mihira Sanpei talks with a Tohou accent and is a down-to-earth boy with a cheerful and optimistic personality. However, when it comes to fishing, he becomes very serious and is a youth who enjoys fishing more than anything else. The village where he lives in is a natural environment which provides different kinds of fishing challenges. Despite his lack of experience, Sanpei has a first-rate sense with regards to fishing and decides to maxmise his potential by entering into different fishing contests. As he faces various challenges, he learns to solve difficult problems and learn from his mistakes to the extent that he is able to fish anything out of the waters. Along the way, he encounters all kinds of rivals and companions who increase his experience points and help him in his growth.
 In Enoshima, Yuki is a high school student who’s never been good at making real friends thanks to his abnormally poor communication skills. Haru is the self-styled alien who decides to teach Yuki to fish.Natsuki is an irritable born-and-raised local. Akira is the mysterious Indian who watches them all from a distance. These four meet, fish, and find big adventures on their little island.
 You can't catch fish if you don't go fishing, and you can't make friends if you don't at least try.Which is how relationship-challenged student Yuki finds himself on a fishing trip to a tiny island with three other boys he barely knows. Well, two other boys and Haru, who claims that he's an alien. Not that constantly stewing Natsuki or mysterious Akira are any more likely as prospects for good companionship.But there's something about fishing that makes it unlike any other pastime, and maybe that quiet sense of companionship and hopeful expectation is just what Yuki needs to start charting the unfamiliar waters of personal connections. Or maybe it will turn out that Haru's right and they're going to have to save the entire planet.There are lots of different kinds of fish stories, from the "ones that got away" to the "best catches ever," but whichever way the currents of life take them, for four young men, this trip may turn out to be the biggest whopper ever!
 Movie adaptation of Tsurune
 The story follows Minato Narumiya. Minato played Japanese archery in middle school, but after a certain incident, he ran away from the sport. In high school, Minato meets new friends, and together as part of their school's archery club they aim to win the prefectural tournament.
 Unaired episode pre-screened at the event and later included with the 5th Blu-ray/DVD release.
 Unaired episode pre-screened at the event and later included with the 5th Blu-ray/DVD release.
 The story follows Minato Narumiya. Minato played Japanese archery in middle school, but after a certain incident, he ran away from the sport. In high school, Minato meets new friends, and together as part of their school's archery club they aim to win the prefectural tournament.
 Protagonist Minato Narumiya has reignited his passion for kyudo, the Japanese martial art of archery. Along with his friends in the school kyudo club, he returns for an all-new second season and feature-length film of Kyoto Animation's beloved Tsurune.
 Just when Masato thought that a random survey conducted in school was over, he got involved in a secret Government scheme. As he was carried along with the flow, he ended up in a Game world! As if that wasn't enough, shockingly, his mother was there as well! It was a little different from a typical transported to another world setting, but after some bickering,"Mom wants go on an adventure together with Maa-kun. Can mom become Maa-kun's companion?"With that, Masato and Mamako began their adventure as a mother and son pair. They met Porta, a cute traveling merchant, and Wise, a regrettable philosopher. Along with their new party members, Masato and co. start on their journey.
 Okaasan online OVA.
 Sunao Konoe starts her first day at a new school and is surprised to find that there is no theater club. So, she decides to make one of her own.But between a childhood friend showing up, the crazy student body, and the arrogant student council president blocking her at every turn, it seems that actually creating the club is going to be more difficult than she thought.comedy, romance, slice of life
 After a fierce battle, Magic swordsman Kyle finally killed the Demon Lord after being seriously injured in the battle. Kyle on the verge of death approaches a relic which was in possession of the Demon Lord and it sends him to the past. After recovering from the initial shock, he decides to use this opportunity to avoid making the same mistakes of the past and become stronger.
 Tsuyoshi Ikawa lives at home with his popular and beautiful sisters. Despite their qualities, his sisters and his mother are horrible at household chores, including cooking, so all these duties are taken over by Tsuyoshi while his father is away due to being temporarily transferred to another city for work.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 No promotional video has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a promotional video here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a

 It is the Correct Century, two millenniums after a devastating conflict which left the world broken. Earth is now mostly uninhabitable, and thus a remnant of humanity has resided on the Moon while the Earth and its few survivors recover. For years, the "Moonrace," people of the Moon, have continued to check if Earth is fit for resettlement.A boy named Rolan Cehack and two others are sent down to Earth for a reconnaissance mission. Rolan ends up spending a year on the planet working for the Heim Family, aristocrats living in a Victorian-like society. This family, like others of similar wealthy status, celebrates one's coming of age with a ceremony involving a giant stone statue known as the "White Doll."To Rolan's surprise, the Moonrace suddenly touches down on Earth with the intent of taking it by force. During the attack, the White Doll is broken apart, revealing a mobile suit called the "Turn A Gundam" inside. With Rolan in its cockpit, the Turn A causes a standoff between the forces of Earth and Moon. The young pilot, along with the people of both sides, must keep the peace and avoid another all-out, catastrophic war.
 A movie retelling of the first half of the Turn A Gundam series.
 The movie retelling of the final half of the Turn A Gundam series.
 The story is about girls who face a battle against the turning point of their lives.
 A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa.Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way.
 A Korean/Japanese co-production created by Bakugan and Dragon Ball Super contributor Atsushi Maekawa.Turning Mecard stars Jason, a grade-schooler who meets a Mecanimal, a transforming minicar from the alternate world of Triforce, named Evan. Jason and Evan are both searching for missing family members, and team up to help each other. Together, they meet more Mecanimals as they battle across dimensions and learn important lessons along the way.

 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 It follows the fan favorite character Vandyne as his hidden secrets are revealed. Unlike the Turning Mecard R reboot, which exclusively uses 3DCG visuals, this series is like the earlier entries and is animated with 2D and 3D visuals.The mini-series is part of a new promotional campaign from Sono Kong. The Korean toy manufacturer will launch four new mechanimals this month at retail.
 An adult comedy series about a film crew of banana men who work for a television station. In order to boost ratings they have to follow the absurd requests of the boss.
 Third season of TV Yarou Nanaana.
 After the TV station gets acquired by "Nanazon Prime Video," departments that don't get high ratings will be restructured (aka fired). The shooting crew takes on a large-scale plan for their survival. The Banakawa Family was an extremely wealthy family in the Edo period but their gold was hidden somewhere in a cave (that even the surviving members of the Banakawa Family can't find). So the crew's program will feature them exploring the underground world in search of this hidden treasure that so far major TV station networks with big budgets could not find.
 Based on a manga by Hijiri Yuki, serialised in Comic Nora.Note
 Alice believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches - and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Alice realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things.
 Haruka Minazuki and Aoi Kannazuki are freshman high school students and best friends. During the day they help with school activities but at night they thwart enemies like Black Auction and other villains as Red Angel and Blue Angel, the Twin Angel team.
 Love, Heaven's greatest treasure went missing and to get it back, the Great God decides to send his two daughters Lemon and Cherry, as well as their governess Berry to find it. However, their search doesn't go so well, mainly because they decide they like it at planet Earth and prefer to work in a hamburger shop (Sic!).In the one-episode OVA, the girls end up searching for the Love treasure on an exotic planet, however they find magical living plushies instead, having to fight their way through them to recover "Essence of Life," which an evil organisation wants to use for nefarious purposes.Read more at http
 Based on a 1980 manga by Mikuriya Satomi, this adaptation differs considerably from the original. The story started in its prequel was completed with this second OVA.
 Two Car follows high schoolers Yuri Miyata and Megumi Meguro as they battle six other rival pairs in the sport of motorcycle sidecar racing.
 The capital of the empire of Euria is attacked by the empire of Titania, a much more powerful enemy that controls a large part of the galaxy. The story follows a soldier who flees the Titania empire and seeks refuge with the rebellion force, that rose up since the battle.
 Mysterious warriors appear to blast Miki into another dimension! She flees her captors only to find herself trapped in a world of monsters and madmen who plot the downfall of Earth.The only power that can possible save her (and the world) is that of the mysterious Mask of Zeguy. Miki must embark on a life-or-death quest for this talisman, with the villains who kidnapped in hot pursuit!
 What do you do when a plane hits a building? Cry out? Call for help? Hao Lanren, a top martial artist, laughed
 Plot Summary
 Kiss kiss, bang bang! The arms race takes on a startling new development when the arms come with heads, legs and very feminine bodies attached! Yes, at Seishou Academy every girl is literally a lethal weapon, and they're all gunning for the top shot at getting their own personal serviceman! Needless to say, it's going to be difficult for newly recruited human instructor Genkoku to adjust to working with a living arsenal of high caliber cuties with tricky names like FNC (Funko) M 16A4 (Ichiroku) L85A1 (Eru) and SG 550 (Shigu). Especially since many have hair triggers and there's no bulletproof vest that can stop a really determined coed! He'll have to rewrite the operator's manual on student/teacher relationships, and pray that his job description won't include having to field strip and reassemble one of his cadets in the dark. But unfortunately (for him) FNC's already thinking about becoming HIS personal weapon, and she usually gets what she aims for!
 OVA bundled with 4th volume of manga.
 OVA bundled with 4th volume of manga.
 Bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the UQ Holder! manga.
 In the decade since the world became aware of the existence of magic, the world has undergone massive upheaval. However, a boy named Touta lives in seclusion in a rural town far removed from these changes. His ordinary life is highlighted by his magic-using female teacher and his supportive friends. When his tranquil daily life is disrupted, he embarks on a unique adventure.
 In the decade since the world became aware of the existence of magic, the world has undergone a massive upheaval. However, a boy named Touta lives in seclusion in a rural town far removed from these changes. His ordinary life is highlighted by his magic-using female teacher and his supportive friends. When his tranquil daily life is disrupted, he embarks on a unique adventure.
 Bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the UQ Holder! manga.
 Sakurai Yuki is a mysterious boy with a mysterious ability. He was found in the bushes as a baby and adopted by his current family. Because of this, Yuki strives for independence. The last thing he wants is to be a burden to anybody. Furthermore, when he touches others, he can feel their emotions.Unable to control his ability, he often made insensitive blunders in the past. With death threats and his abilities increasing, what will happen when a man claiming to be his older brother appears?
 Three high school girls are putting together a limited-time shop called "PARK" in Japan's Harajuku. One day, aliens come to Earth with the intent to steal the famed district's culture. At the same time, a mysterious girl appears. The three girls band together to defeat the alien threat and protect their beloved Harajuku.
 Three high school girls are putting together a limited-time shop called "PARK" in Japan's Harajuku. One day, aliens come to Earth with the intent to steal the famed district's culture. At the same time, a mysterious girl appears. The three girls band together to defeat the alien threat and protect their beloved Harajuku.
 "Hello, boys and girls! Do you like guys with more than one side to them?"31 year old Omota Uramichi is the gymnastics coach in the children's educational TV program "Together with Mama." He might be sweet on the outside, but all boys and girls are inevitably scared off whenever they get a glimpse of the adult darkness that's the result of Uramichi-sensei's emotional instability. This is a tragic eulogy to all the "boys and girls" who are now adults!
 In the studio of the morning childrens' show "Together with Mama," a crew of miserable adults prepares their facades of amicable smiles and cheerful exteriors to educate a group of innocent preschoolers. In the middle of it stands Uramichi Omota, a former gymnast who can't help but bring the kids down to earth by revealing the harsh and depressing reality of adulthood, even in front of the rolling cameras.Behind the scenes, Uramichi's much-desired peace is disturbed by his two bothersome juniors who work as the show's rabbit and bear mascots and singers
 This is Meiro-machi (Labyrinth Town), the town of fortune-telling. In town, there is a fortune-telling shop called Urara, where girls aspiring to be fortune-tellers come from all over the country. Chiya, who was raised in the mountains, comes to the town with a purpose, but what is it exactly? There, she meets Kon who is always serious, Koume who loves all things western, and the shy Nono. Their fun days of living together as apprentice fortune-tellers are about to begin.
 Her first encounter with Toriko Nishina was on the Otherside after seeing "that thing" and nearly dying. Ever since that day, exhausted university student Sorawo Kamikoshi's life changed. In this Otherworld, full of mystery, which exists alongside our own, dangerous beings like the Kunekune and Hasshaku-sama that are spoken of in real ghost stories appear. For research, for profit, and to find an important person, Toriko and Sorao set foot into the abnormal.
 The "Otherworld" is a vast and dangerous realm hidden from the knowledge of the common folk. It is also home to many creatures that threaten any human who dare visit it. To witness its desolate yet oddly absorbing environment, one must search for portals that could reside anywhere, from secret elevators to shrine entrances.After a fateful encounter with a horrendous Otherworld denizen, Sorao Kamikoshi ponders whether to keep going or give up in life. Meanwhile, Toriko Nishina scours the Otherworld in hopes of finding her friend Satsuki, who she believes is lost somewhere within the realm.When the two cross paths, friendship blossoms. In order to acquire as much information about this obscure dimension, the two travel back and forth from the real world to the other. Sorao and Toriko's bodies are soon influenced by the Otherworld, preparing them for the many horrors to come as both of them try to fulfill their goals.
 The anime centers on the members of the real-world four-member male vocal unit Urashimasakatasen. Uratanuki, Shima, Tonari no Sakata, and Senra appear in the shorts as high school students.
 An original anime to advertise Urawa City in Saitama, Japan.
 A generation of fairy King Jiang Feng returned and was reborn as a junior high school student. He wanted to return all the bullying, humiliation and regret he had received in his previous life. And he became stronger.
 Ryou Matsumoto is a screenplay writer that runs into a man and witnesses his murder. Unknown to him, he gets caught up in an illegal antique ring along with a girl he meets named Yuki. In order to survive, he ends up acting out the "action hero" role that he writes in his screenplays.
 This fictional story took place in Europe around 1943. At that time Nazi secretly plotted a plan called Urda. Two agents, Janet and Erna received a task to investigate and prevent the completion of the secret plan.
 This fictional story took place in Europe around 1943. At that time Nazi secretly plotted a plan called Urda. Two agents, Janet and Erna received a task to investigate and prevent the completion of the secret plan.
 Plot Summary
 Lum doesn't need much assistance going ballistic when everyone in Tomobiki gets an invitation to Ataru's wedding... and she's not listed as the bride! It seems that some 11 years ago, Ataru played "Shadow Tag" with a young girl named Elle and won. Unfortunately, Elle was yet another Alien Princess; and on her planet, if a boy steps on a girl's shadow, they have to marry.When Elle's emissary comes to make arrangements, Lum redefines the term "the atmosphere was electric," but to no avail
 Lum doesn't need much assistance going ballistic when everyone in Tomobiki gets an invitation to Ataru's wedding -- and she's not listed as the bride! It seems that some 11 years ago, Ataru played "Shadow Tag" with a young girl named Elle and won. Unfortunately, Elle was yet another Alien Princess; and on her planet, if a boy steps on a girl's shadow, they have to marry.When Elle's emissary comes to make arrangements, Lum redefines the term "the atmosphere was electric," but to no avail
 Life is but a dream. Or is it? How do you know if you're awake, or just dreaming that you're awake? This may sound like a silly question - unless you're a student at Tomobiki High School!Something strange, stranger than usual, is happening at Tomobiki High School, but with wacky classmates like Lum (a beautiful alien princess with a "shocking" personality), Ataru (the lecherous loser she loves), and Mendou (the suave scion of the wealthiest family on Earth), anything can happen! When Ataru, Lum, Mendou, and the rest of the gang discover that they've been reliving the "day before the School Festival" over and over again, they may be confused, but they aren't suprised! But things are getting worse, and if they don't find a way to break the chain, they'll be trapped forever.
 Not all is normal in Tomobiki, even by its standards. The students have been preparing feverishly for the first day of the student fair, which is scheduled to go on the next day. However, problems arise when some begin to notice that the next day simply will not come. As the students begin to try to find the reason for the problem, their beliefs about reality and the world of dreams are challenged.
 It seems that when Lum was born, a postal screwup resulted in a witchy friend of the family not getting an invitation to the celebration. The witch put a curse on Lum, that she would never be happy with her True Love.In the present, a new Amusement Park has been built in Tomobiki, and opening day finds the whole gang sampling its pleasures. At a magic show, however, Ataru gets turned into a large pink hippo-potamus, FOR REAL!When Lum attempts to track down the magician that transformed her Darling, things start to get very weird, very fast!
 It seems that when Lum was born, a postal screwup resulted in a witchy friend of the family not getting an invitation to the celebration. The witch put a curse on Lum, that she would never be happy with her True Love.In the present, a new Amusement Park has been built in Tomobiki, and opening day finds the whole gang sampling its pleasures. At a magic show, however, Ataru gets turned into a large pink hippo-potamus, FOR REAL!When Lum attempts to track down the magician that transformed her Darling, things start to get very weird, very fast!
 Strange things begin happening in Tomobiki Town...When a great cherry tree, "Tarozakura" is cut down while Lum & Co. are making a movie, Lum loses her horns-and her powers! Thus begins the strangest and most lyrical of the Urusei Yatsura movies...
 Strange things begin happening in Tomobiki Town...When a great cherry tree, "Tarozakura" is cut down while Lum & Co. are making a movie, Lum loses her horns-and her powers! Thus begins the strangest and most lyrical of the Urusei Yatsura movies...
 Lupica, another one of the legion of space princesses that all seem to have found out about Earth in some tour book, appears and abducts Ataru!But Lupica isn't after Ataru for his great looks or charming personality (because he doesn't have either). Lupica's goal is the greatest love potion in the galaxy, which she intends to use to induce her sweetheart to tie the knot. To get it, she needs the possessor of the greatest lust in the universe....
 Lupica, another one of the legion of space princesses that all seem to have found out about Earth in some tour book, appears and abducts Ataru!But Lupica isn't after Ataru for his great looks or charming personality (because he doesn't have either). Lupica's goal is the greatest love potion in the galaxy, which she intends to use to induce her sweetheart to tie the knot. To get it, she needs the possessor of the greatest lust in the universe...
 Plot Summary
 Broadcast between episodes 21 and 22, the Spring special was a 1-hr show with 2 parts. The first part, "Urusei Yatsura All-Star All-Out Attack!", was a series of outtakes from the preceding episodes and recaps of the first 21 episodes. The second part, "The School Excursion! Run, Kunoichi!", was an original episode, but not part of the ongoing series.
 Daikichi returns home for his grandfather’s funeral, and to his surprise he meets a little girl in the garden. Daikichi soon finds out that the girl (Rin) is the illegitimate daughter of his grandfather. None of her relatives want to adopt her because they are embarrassed. Feeling sorry for the girl, Daikichi decides to take care of her. However, Daikichi is a bachelor and has no experiance with kids. Rin and Daikichi begin their life togethe
 The story of a white rabbit and her friends.
 Mikami Inaba was fighting a person from another school on her school's rooftop. As they fought, her friend Haru appeared. Seeing Mikami distracted, the man charged at her, causing both of them to break the nearby rabbit cages & fall off the roof. As Mikami fell, she desperately grabbed the rabbit. Suddenly, a flash or pink light appeared. Mikami fused with the rabbit, and gained another personality, called Mimika. Now, Mikami only appears when various people threaten her and her friends. Otherwise, she takes on the form of Mimika.
 Spin-off of Teekyuu.
 Every year, number of new students at the Uchihama Academy is increasing thus a new school building is constructed. Before they move to the new building, the school will hold one last General Club Festival at the old building before it is closed down. Each of the clubs decide to give it their all to make it a success. Akiyama Sou is a member of the astronomy club, and just before the festival is to begin, the student executive committee asks the club's members to calm the uneasiness among the students in regard to mysterious incidents at the old building.

 Ushio thinks his father's tale of an ancient ancestor impaling a demon on a temple altar stone with the legendary Beast Spear is nuts, but when he finds the monster in his own basement, Ushio has to take another look at the family legend! Fortunately, Ushio knows it's best to let sleeping dogs lie and leave captured demons where they are. Unfortunately, the release of the monster's evil energies begins to beckon other demons to Ushio's hometown! To save his friends and family from the invading spirits, Ushio is forced to release Tora from his captivity. But will the cure prove to be worse than the curse? Will Ushio end his life a Tora-snack? Or will the Beast Spear keep Tora in line long enough to save the city?
 Ushio thinks his father's tale of an ancient ancestor impaling a demon on a temple altar stone with the legendary Beast Spear is nuts, but when he finds the monster in his own basement, Ushio has to take another look at the family legend! Fortunately, Ushio knows it's best to let sleeping dogs lie and leave captured demons where they are. Unfortunately, the release of the monster's evil energies begins to beckon other demons to Ushio's hometown! To save his friends and family from the invading spirits, Ushio is forced to release Tora from his captivity. But will the cure prove to be worse than the curse? Will Ushio end his life a Tora-snack? Or will the Beast Spear keep Tora in line long enough to save the city?
 Ushio thinks that his father's talk of an ancient ancestor impaling a demon on a temple altar stone with the legendary Beast Spear is nuts, but when he finds the monster in his own basement, Ushio has to take another look at the family legend! To save his friends and family from the invading spirits, Ushio is forced to release Tora from his captivity. But will the creature prove to be worse than the curse?
 Ushio Aotsuki is a stubborn middle school student and son of an eccentric temple priest who goes about life without care for his father's claims regarding otherworldly monsters known as youkai. However, as he is tending to the temple while his father is away on work, his chores lead him to a shocking discovery
 Continuation of Ushio to Tora TV series.
 Continuation of Ushio to Tora TV series.
 Set during the Heian Period, Kyo is a beautiful city that is proud of its glory. Two beautiful onmyouji meet, and the sad and short-lived beautiful cherry blossom starts to stir after 1000 years.
 Nanami Haruka wants to be a song writer, so she attends an idol training school filled with beautiful bishounen. The school pairs each aspiring songwriter with an aspiring idol, but Haruka finds herself paired with 3 idols! To make things more difficult, Nanami is also not allowed to date any of her beautiful partners!
 Second season of Uta no Prince-sama.
 Unaired episode included in the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volumes.
 2013
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 An injured man named Hakuoro is found unconscious in the forest by Eruruu, grand daughter of the local healer Tuskuru. He awakens to find a mask attached to his face and that he lacks any memories of his past. He quickly rises in importance because he is seen as a natural leader who helps those in need. Hakuoro has lost his memory after succumbing to serious injuries; but thanks to a elderly woman and her granddaughter Eruruu, he is nursed back to health. His face is covered by a strange irremovable mask and he occasionally sees beastly visions. Eruruu now cares for him as he becomes accustomed to the village and its inhabitants who all bear strange ears (the women have tails too). Though these people venerate the forces of nature, desecration of an alter forces them to take drastic measures to preserve their lives from the wrath of Mutikapa-sama, guardian of the forest.
 Everything about him is shrouded in mystery. The mask he can't remove. The past he can't unravel. And the very survival of the people who have chosen him as their leader. But what Hakuoro does know is this
 A three part OVA of Utawarerumono. The animation work will be done by the same staff that did the opening of the game the show was based on. The story will cover parts that weren't shown in the anime series.
 A three part OVA of Utawarerumono. The animation work will be done by the same staff that did the opening of the game the show was based on. The story will cover parts that weren't shown in the anime series.
 Bonus specials released together with the OVA.
 Bonus specials released together with the OVA.
 After the events of Mask of Deception, the Yamato Empire is now ruled with an iron fist by a ruthless usurper who seeks to subjugate all before him. It's up to a couple of familiar faces to band together against the might of the Imperial army, and the fate of the world hangs in the balance as nations and generals must pick a side to fight with in this perilous civil war. Secrets will be revealed, friendships will be tested, and battles will be fought. Will peace and order be restored or will victory at any cost be the beginning of the end?
 After the events of Mask of Deception, the Yamato Empire is now ruled with an iron fist by a ruthless usurper who seeks to subjugate all before him. It's up to a couple of familiar faces to band together against the might of the Imperial army, and the fate of the world hangs in the balance as nations and generals must pick a side to fight with in this perilous civil war. Secrets will be revealed, friendships will be tested, and battles will be fought. Will peace and order be restored or will victory at any cost be the beginning of the end?
 When I came to, I realized I was standing in the middle of a vast, snowy plain I knew nothing of. I didn't know how I got there. And to add to that, I couldn't remember anything, not even my name. I stood there, dumbfounded at my absurd situation. But then, as if to spite me further, a gigantic monster suddenly appeared, a insect-like creature that began to bear down on me. I tried desperately to run, but it cornered me into a hopeless situation. It was then that the girl appeared. Her name was Kuon. It was this beautiful girl, who bore an animal's ears and tail, that saved my life.
 Included with the premium collection release of the PS4 remake of Utawarerumono
 Delving into the humans' spiritual journey to the Celestial Realm of Buddha, UTSU NO MIKO follows five friends on their quest to bring peace to a corrupt and chaotic Earth.Born with a horn, Utsu no Miko found refuge on Mt. Kongo where he studies to become a God. But when the ruling imperial government seems to bring only devastation to the people, Miko and his friends venture on a 33-year quest to reach the Celestial Realm and meet the almighty Father of the North Star. Yet, the way is filled with danger, for the five humans intrude upon the world of immortals where the gods reign supreme. And, in order to reach their goal, Miko must first challenge them to battle.However, they soon realize that the gods too are not without flaws and earthly desires. And for Miko, the hope of rescuing his love (Kagami) leads to the realization that the world cannot exist without the balance of gods' tumultuous soul, and the humans' will to survive and to love. For, as one life ceases, another takes its place. And only when there is true peace can people finally see the face of God.
 Second season of Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai!
 Second season of Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai!
 Second season of Uzaki-chan wa Asobitai!
 In the town of Kurouzu-cho, Kirie Goshima lives a fairly normal life with her family. As she walks to the train station one day to meet her boyfriend, Shuuichi Saito, she sees his father staring at a snail shell in an alley. Thinking nothing of it, she mentions the incident to Shuuichi, who says that his father has been acting weird lately. Shuuichi reveals his rising desire to leave the town with Kirie, saying that the town is infected with spirals.But his father's obsession with the shape soon proves deadly, beginning a chain of horrific and unexplainable events that causes the residents of Kurouzu-cho to spiral into madness.
 Third season of Wo Jia Da Shixiong Naozi You Keng.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding
 Bai Xiaofei lived a dull, boring life. That all changes when, on his way to find his girlfriend, he meets a mutant with unprecedented power. As an ordinary human being, Xiaofei felt totally out of his depth; there was no way he could defeat powerful enemies and track down the cause of these strange mutations. After giving himself a shot of body enhancer bought online, however, he gradually reaches his potential.
 Duan Jiaze inherited a private zoo and was forced to sign a contract after his graduation. And from that day onwards the first ever age classified Luya zoo appeared, those aged under 21 are prohibited to enter.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis
 The previous life, he was a peerless genius in the world of immortality. He was killed by 3 celestial beings. He was accidentally reborn to his 20s by the book of heaven. All he wanted to do was to become an immortal and return to the immortal world, and he became the strongest man on the earth, turning his hands into clouds and covering his hands with rain, provoking anyone who defies him! He is the venerable one! The ruler of 3000 worlds! the guy who is 10,000 times better than Thanos! He is Taixuan Taizun! The Great Immortal!
 Jiang Xiaobai starts his first ever job as an editor. His new work partner, writer Tong Li, however, continually gives him a hard time. Then one day, he learns that Tong Li is a long-lost friend from his childhood. Gradually, their past is revealed.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.

 Adapted from the picture book of the same name.

 Star is born to run over the heads of the fainting people. When he witnesses a "premeditated" fainting event, he decides to set up an agency. Together with his close friend Dazhi, they'll help the people who want to know the truth and explore the meaning of existence.
 Gu Zhangge was transmigrated into Xuanhuan World. The moment he was transmigrated, he saw many models surrounding the Lucky Male Protagonist and he really show hate him. Even the Female Protagonist was hugging him which lead to many jealousy among the VIP guest who witness it. Since I am more powerful and higher in status than him, destroying him would be very easy, but wait, there is a system here which allow me to receive some of his luck. Gu Zhangge smile to himself, it looks like I will be derailling from the path of the Heavenly Destined Villain more and more!
 In some distant future, it's common knowledge that all wolves have been extinct for 200 years. However, it seems this is false as wolves have not disappeared but rather have taken human form. Kiba, a lone wolf, wanders into a city, trying to sniff out the Lunar Flowers that are supposed to lead whoever follows the scent to paradise. The source of the smell is Cheza, a girl who sleeps in what appears to be suspended animation in a lab. She and the wolves are drawn to each other, and Kiba hopes to find paradise once he finds the source of the scent of Lunar Flowers. However, once Kiba finds Cheza, she is kidnapped by a mysterious person called Darcia, and his search begins anew. Before he leaves the city, he meets 3 other wolves, Tsume, Hige and Toboe. All four wolves have very different personalities and ideas, and their friendliness towards each other is a little rough around the edges. However, they soon band together to continue to search for paradise.
 In some distant future, it’s common knowledge that all wolves have been extinct for 200 years. However, it seems this is false as wolves have not disappeared but rather have taken human form. Kiba, a lone wolf, wanders into a city, trying to sniff out the Lunar Flowers that are supposed to lead whoever follows the scent to paradise.The source of the smell is Cheza, a girl who sleeps in what appears to be suspended animation in a lab. She and the wolves are drawn to each other, and Kiba hopes to find paradise once he finds the source of the scent of Lunar Flowers. However, once Kiba finds Cheza, she is kidnapped by a mysterious person called Darcia, and his search begins anew. Before he leaves the city, he meets 3 other wolves, Tsume, Hige and Toboe. All four wolves have very different personalities and ideas, and their friendliness towards each other is a little rough around the edges. However, they soon band together to continue to search for paradise.
 Next in the four-part Marvel Anime project and broadcasts after the Iron Man anime. Wolverine is a mutant, possessing animal-keen senses, enhanced psychical capabilities, three retracting bone claws on each hand and a healing factor that allows him to recover from virtually any wound, disease or toxin at a accelerated rate.
 Logan learns that his girlfriend, Mariko Yashida, who disappeared a year ago, has been taken to Tokyo by her father Shingen, who is the head of a Japanese crime syndicate and a supplier of AIM. He then decides to head to Japan to find her and take her back, no matter what.
 Alberta, Canada. The Incredible Hulk has been tearing a line across the Canadian countryside, leaving a swath of destruction in his wake. He has to be stopped, and there's only one man up to the job. He's the best there is at what he does, but what he does isn't very nice. He's Wolverine, an elite agent of Canada's top secret Department H, and he's been put on Hulk's trail with a single objective
 Wonder 3 is an Osamu Tezuka manga and a black and white anime series. It involved the adventures of three agents from outer space who were sent to Earth to determine whether the planet, a potential threat to the universe, should be destroyed. The instrument of destruction is a device resembling a large black ball with two antennae that is variously called an anti-proton bomb, a solar bomb, and a neutron bomb. Although the three agents (Captain Bokko, Nokko, and Pukko) are originally humanoid in appearance, upon arrival on Earth they take on the appearances of a rabbit (Bokko), a horse (Nokko), and a duck (Pukko) that they had captured as examples of Earth life forms. While on Earth they travel in a tire-shaped vehicle capable of enormous speeds called the Big Wheel, which can travel on both land and water (and, with modifications, through the air).The series tackles a number of issues which were surprisingly progressive for an animated cartoon of that period; particularly ecological concerns and poverty.
 Wonder 3 is an Osamu Tezuka manga and a black and white anime series. It involved the adventures of three agents from outer space who were sent to Earth to determine whether the planet, a potential threat to the universe, should be destroyed. The instrument of destruction is a device resembling a large black ball with two antennae that is variously called an anti-proton bomb, a solar bomb, and a neutron bomb. Although the three agents (Captain Bokko, Nokko, and Pukko) are originally humanoid in appearance, upon arrival on Earth they take on the appearances of a rabbit (Bokko), a horse (Nokko), and a duck (Pukko) that they had captured as examples of Earth life forms. While on Earth they travel in a tire-shaped vehicle capable of enormous speeds called the Big Wheel, which can travel on both land and water (and, with modifications, through the air).The series tackles a number of issues which were surprisingly progressive for an animated cartoon of that period; particularly ecological concerns and poverty.
 A story of troubled girls, spun by screenwriter Shinji Nojima in the world of anime.Led by a mysterious voice while on a midnight stroll, 14-year-old girl Ai Ooto picks up an egg. The voice coaxes her
 A story of troubled girls, spun by screenwriter Shinji Nojima in the world of anime.Led by a mysterious voice while on a midnight stroll, 14-year-old girl Ai Ooto picks up an egg. The voice coaxes her
 Special episode concluding the story of Wonder Egg Priority.
 Special episode serving as the conclusion to the anime series.
 One day, a group of aliens planning to take over Earth invade Tokyo. Momoko, who aspires to be an idol, gets involved in the fight in an unexpected form. Warudemon, king of the alien empire, uses various tactics to hunt down Momoko and the people around her. Momoko then decides to stand up to the Warudemon, plain and simple.
 In the year 2142, the Earth has deteriorated into a murky hell due to an environmental disaster. An elite group of humans has built a fortified, "self-growing" city called Ecoban that converts the surrounding pollution into energy. Meanwhile, hordes of downtrodden survivors subsist outside the city in sprawling hovels under perpetually dark and cloudy skies. As the pollution levels slowly fall off, though, the threatened Ecoban leadership hatches the dastardly plan of wrecking the world beyond the city to secure more pollution for energy.
 The final version is set in 2142 A.D., a century after humanity’s carelessness resulted in the collapse of Earth’s biosphere. The only survivors are a technological society in a magnificent enclosed scientifically-designed refuge city, Ecoban, and a small horde of refugees in the Wasteland just outside. The leaders of Ecoban have supported the refugees in return for their providing labor to mine the raw materials needed to keep Ecoban operational. After a century, Ecoban’s leaders have degenerated into an indolent elite class who have reduced the “Diggers” to slavery, providing no more than the barest minimum to keep them alive. Meanwhile, the machinery sustaining Ecoban continues to pollute the world outside. The Diggers have finally grown angry enough to strike for better conditions. At the same time Ecoban’s machinery is breaking down and repairing it requires endangering the "Diggers" lives with more pollution.
 3D shorts centered around Wooser, a mysterious mascot character whose charming appearance belies a corrupt heart.
 Second season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi.
 Third season of Wooser no Sono Higurashi.
 The story is set in a family restaurant named Wagnaria in the northern Japanese prefecture of Hokkaido. S?ta works part-time among the restaurant’s high-spirited, mysterious, yet cool staffers.
 The story is set in a family restaurant named Wagnaria in the northern Japanese prefecture of Hokkaido. S?ta works part-time among the restaurant’s high-spirited, mysterious, yet cool staffers.
 The third season of the Working!! series.
 TV Anime for World Dai Star media mix project
 In a world where humans serve as livestock for the ruling beastman, and where sand fills the roles of water and fire. Kyrie is recruited by the “World Destruction Committee” to assist in putting an end to their world. Kyrie alone holds the power needed to do it. In a world where humans serve as livestock for the ruling beastman, and where sand fills the roles of water and fire. Morte Ashela , A member (or the only member) of the so called World Destruction Committee is wanted and hiding. She goes to a beastman bar to eat lunch where she meets Kyrie , A young human boy working at a beastman bar concealing his true identity as a human. When her enemies The World Salvation Committee found her she used Kyrie as a hostage only to know that he’s a human , disposable to the enemy , together they run from the WSC to complete their goal of destroying the world to save humans from slavery. Kyrie ends up traveling with her and unwillingly joins the committee. Little does Morte know that Kyrie is the key to their goal.
 Takahashi is transferred to a main anchor of a news program, which is known for being a little...weird. This is a comedy about somewhat ridiculous happenings occurring at a broadcasting station.
 Direct continuation of World Fool News (TV).
 A gate to another dimension has burst open, and from it emerge gigantic invincible creatures that threaten all of humanity. Earth's only defense is a mysterious group of warriors who have co-opted the alien technology in order to fight back!
 When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet.Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise.Noted
 Second season of World Trigger.
 After successfully holding off the invasion by Aftokrator, the Border Defense Agency prepares an away mission into the Neighbor's dimension. However, like in previous scouting expeditions, only A-rank teams are certain to secure a spot. As the B-rank wars continue, Osamu Mikumo and the rest of Tamakoma-2 quickly fight to the top in an attempt to obtain a promotion before the operation begins.Meanwhile, a new Neighbor ship approaches Border Headquarters. Noticing that the attackers are targeting the Border Expedition Ship, forces are hastily sent to combat them. However, with fewer squads available due to the proceeding rank wars, the organization is sent into disarray. This latest offensive from the Neighbors shrouds the fate of the all-important expedition ship in uncertainty.
 Third season of World Trigger.
 Countries all over the world formed an alliance to counter the emerging enemy of mankind "Neuroi," whom only girls with special powers could counter. However, the Neuroi never appeared. Instead of fighting, the witches spend their days idly. This time following not only unit 501, but also unit 502 known as "Brave Witches!" The 2nd volume of the comical daily drama of the witches who do not fight Neuroi begins!
 ountries all over the world formed an alliance to counter the emerging enemy of mankind "Neuroi," whom only girls with special powers could counter. However, the Neuroi never appeared. Instead of fighting, the witches spend their days idly. This time following not only unit 501, but also unit 502 known as "Brave Witches!" The 2nd volume of the comical daily drama of the witches who do not fight Neuroi begins!
 After discovering that they work at the same company, a gaming crazed otaku and a fujoshi reunite for the first time since middle school. After some post-work drinking sessions they begin dating, but will it be a perfect relationship for the two?
 Tarou Kabakura, a third-year high school student and captain of the boys' volleyball team, is constantly being harassed by his underclassman Hanako Koyanagi, who is in charge of the girls' team. Koyanagi insists that since the girls have a match coming up, Kabakura should give up the courts to let them practice. When he refuses, she pulls out photographic evidence exposing his secret hobby.With the danger of his entire team finding out about his otaku interests looming over him, Kabakura agrees to hand over the volleyball courts to Koyanagi, giving her some private coaching as well. As the two grow closer, they begin to forge an everlasting bond.


 Second season of Wu Dong Qian Kun.

 In a world where experts harness and strengthen their martial soul to become a Martial Fist Master! Follow the adventure of a young martial fist master as he makes friends and fights against all before him.
 A messenger of the Heavens has arrived in Zhao Ge, which has been ruled by the Shang dynasty for generations. The current emperor, Zi Zhou, refuses to bow his head before the gods, and declares to the messenger that he will no longer accept the tyranny of the Heavens. The gods do not take this kindly; and soon, the emperor of a neighboring land, Wu Jifa, leads a crusade against the rebelling Shang.During the battle, the Shang forces are vastly overwhelmed, and just when the capital is inches away from being taken, Zhou joins the fight. Although he breaks through the enemy ranks and makes his way toward Jifa, out of nowhere a god falls from the sky, landing right before him, prepared to personally deal with the troublemaker.
 At the end of the Shang dynasty of ancient China, Emperor Shou defied the will of the Gods. He openly declared to lead the people and to resist against the gods.Zi Shou bravely fought against Tian Kui, but only received laughter from the gods watching from above. He was then killed by Tian (another greater god) and broke the Immortal Phoenix armor.Wu Geng then woke up in the body of Ah Gou and realized he has now a wife named Bai Cai..

 Fourth season of Wu Geng Ji.
 Part 2 of Wu Geng Ji 4th season.
 In order to protect the residents of Xiaoji Island and the peaceful life here, Wu Liuqi and his partners Dabao and Xiaofei embark on a journey to the Xuanwu Kingdom to find out the truth about his identity and a way to save the island. Waiting for them is more unknowns and adventures.
 In order to protect the residents of Xiaoji Island and the peaceful life here, Wu Liuqi and his partners Dabao and Xiaofei embark on a journey to the Xuanwu Kingdom to find out the truth about his identity and a way to save the island. Waiting for them is more unknowns and adventures.
 In order to protect the residents of Xiaoji Island and the peaceful life here, Wu Liuqi and his partners Dabao and Xiaofei embark on a journey to the Xuanwu Kingdom to find out the truth about his identity and a way to save the island. Waiting for them is more unknowns and adventures.
 Seeking to recover his memory, a scissor-wielding, hairdressing, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among feuding factions.
 Seeking to recover his memories, a scissor-wielding hairdresser, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among two feuding factions.
 Seeking to recover his memories, a scissor-wielding hairdresser, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among two feuding factions.
 The protagonist Wu Liuqi originally lived a carefree life on Xiaoji Island, but his identity became a mystery due to amnesia. As outsiders landed on the island and recognized Wu Liuqi, various conspiracies began to cover Xiaoji Island. So Wu Liuqi decided to return to Xuanwu Kingdom to meet his destiny in order to protect his partners and their homeland.
 Feng Hao, the eldest young master of the Feng family, has an extraordinary background but is unable to cultivate, and is cast aside as waste by everyone. Accidentally, he found that there was a little loli master living in his body, and there were as many top-level exercises as the secrets! What waste materials can’t be cultivated, and what waste materials get out of the family, Feng Hao used his skyrocketing strength to prove that he is the god of Tianwu Continent
 Wu Ni Dynamic Manga Season 4 online , Feng Hao, the eldest son of the Feng family, possesses a peerless physique, but he is considered a waste of cultivation, and suffers all kinds of humiliation! By chance, his body mutated, allowing him to reverse his life! He forged his body with different crystals, achieved a supreme physical body, and finally controlled Xuwu!

 Second season of Wu Shan Wu Xing.
 Returning home, Mu Yun learned that he would marry Miss Qin Qin Mengyao. Qin Mengyao is cold and poisonous, but cannot live until he is 20 years old. The marriage was only for the benefit of the Qin family. However, under Mu Linchen’s persuasion, Mu Yun agreed to this family problem on alchemical terms.

 Three hundred years later, in a remote part of the Tianwu mainland, a boy of the same name accidentally inherited Qin Chen’s will. As the beloved grandson of King Dingwu of the Daqi National Army, due to the birth father’s birth, the mother and son were treated coldly in Dingwu’s palace and lived together. In order to rewrite the myth of the strong man in hope of the sun, and to protect everything he loves, Qin Chen resolutely took up the responsibility of maintaining the five kingdoms of the world and set foot on the road of martial arts again.
 Xu Wuzhou opened his eyes to find himself transmigrated into the body of a notoriously delinquent son-in-law. The guy spent his wedding night in a bridesmaid's bed, and wandered into a brothel in search of a meal. Now his beautiful wife has lost all faith in him, and his father-in-law exiled him to the training grounds in disgust. And all Xu Wuzhou got for this trouble was an ancient artifact starving for blood?
 The Huajian Sect, which was once famous in the martial arts world, is facing the disappearance of the head, a huge amount of money owed to the bankruptcy crisis. Acting Head of Huajian Sect, Hua Xiangrong, regained the signboard of “The Martial Weekly”, reporting major events and circumstances in the martial world; in the past, there were affectionate, rich and handsome, and later, there was amnesia and beauty; Although the work in the martial world is not easy, it is fortunate that a group of people work together to overcome difficulties! We are unique, we are unique! Passing warrior, to a new weekly.
 The story takes place in 2047. We follow the story of several young girls, each coming from different dimensions. All of them want to join the new project group 48.

 Daisuke Higashida is a serious first-year student at Higashizaka High School. He lives a peaceful everyday life even though he is not satisfied with the family who doesn't laugh at all and makes him tired. However, his father's company goes bankrupt one day, and he can no longer afford allowances, cellphone bills, and commuter tickets. When his father orders him to take up a part-time job, Daisuke decides to work at a nearby family restaurant in order to avoid traveling 15 kilometers to school by bicycle.
 When the level of Labor accidents begin to escalate around Tokyo Bay, police detectives Kusumi and Hata are assigned to investigate. What they discover leads to a series of government cover-ups, conspiracy concerning a new biological weapon entitled WXIII-Wasted Thirteen and a tragic, personal connection to Hata. The only hope to stop this threat is to cooperate with the military and lead WXIII into a showdown with the Labors of Special Vehicle Division 2.
 Akutabe, a detective, summons devils to solve the troubles of his clients. One day, a low class devil Azazel Atsushi is summoned by Akutabe and is used harshly by him and his assistant Rinko Sakuma.
 The second season of Yondemasu yo, Azazel-san.
 https

 Although Talpa has been defeated, the Warriors don't get much of a break. As they celebrate Ryo's birthday party, the news tells them of a strange killer in samurai armor wreaking havoc in New York. And the armor looks very familiar. Now, they will have to battle the ancient sorcerer Shikaisen for Sage's life!
 Although Talpa has been defeated, the Warriors don't get much of a break. As they celebrate Ryo's birthday party, the news tells them of a strange killer in samurai armor wreaking havoc in New York. And the armor looks very familiar. Now, they will have to battle the ancient sorcerer Shikaisen for Sage's life!
 Mechadock is a powerful race car obtained from a simple economy car, which is able to race on any ground.
 Singer Aimer and Director Ryo-timo's original short anime project Night World (Yoru no Kuni) which is a companion animation series to Aimer's album "Walpurgis." The first episode is themed by the song "Trill" from the album.Welcome to the Night World. Anxiety, scary and sad things that make you think in the dark. Then more you can't sleep, the more you feel suffering. All right. You can't sleep because you're trying to find something. The night is the perfect place to find it. Let's take a break tonight. It's a dark place, but please explore it freely. You see, the night goes on.
 A black haired girl is walking around the streets of Kyoto, from the night scene of Pontocho to a second-hand book fair in Shimogamo, then off to a college fair. The main character that has a romantic feeling for her secretly follows her around and looks for the opportunities to run into her in a manner that seems like a coincidence. Unfortunately for him, she is not interested in love yet so she does not notice his feelings. What waits these two characters are crazy incidents caused by individuals such as a person who introduces himself as a Japanese mythical creature Tengu, the god of second-hand book or the money lender in a three story vehicle.
 When Fuuta comes home tired at night, all he wants to do is spend time with his cat. All the mysterious habits and mannerisms of house cats are carefully reproduced in this relaxed and cute comedy about living with an adorable furball!
 Second season of Yoru wa Neko to Issho.
 When Yoshinaga Futaba wins the first prize in a lottery, the prize turns out to be a stone gargoyle. More surprising yet, the gargoyle turns out to be alive.
 A magic book places Kazumi in a Wonderland-like world.
 Having lost both parents, the Kazugano twins, Haruka and Sora, decided to move in and live with their grandfather of whom they are fond of. Other motives, however, contributed to their decision to reside at their grandfather.
 A story about the reunion of four childhood friends, Yuzuki, Matsuri, Nono and Makoto, in their deserted old school campus, Mochitsuki Academy. Three years ago, they buried a time capsule under a tree in the school yard and made a promise. A promise to meet again after exactly three years from that day. And that fateful day has finally arrived.
 In the wake of scientific advancement, the once majestic mythological animals can't be compared to the olden days now. The mythological animal Sibuxiang received orders to descend to the mortal world and to help out other mythological animals in dire straits wandering the human world. In the secular world, he met his old colleague Pixiu in a tight spot, his drinking buddy Tuye down in his luck, and the gold and silver Jue brothers who were demoted to the mortal world... what kind of stories will happen between them?
 Today, the imperial court is soliciting traversals, giving them various positions according to their talents, changing the civilization after the fall, and trying to create a new world. Zuo Yunqi is just an ordinary young master, mixed with the court in disguise as a spy to save his father. However, he was recognized by one hired specifically to spot such spies, and the two engaged in an epic battle of wits. When the two jointly prevented a terrifying conspiracy, they found that the traversals secretly established an alliance to try to overthrow those in power and build a new society of peaceful coexistence. Zuo Yunqi and his party were forced to participate in this battle.

 Best friends and partners Miyuki Kobayakawa and Natsumi Sujimoto, along with the rest of the gang at Bokuto station, confront a motley group of offenders ranging from hi-tech panty thieves, purse-snatchers, and traffic violators. Using Miyuki's driving prowess and tech knowledge, as well as Natsumi's spunk and strength, the duo at times must resort to unconventional methods to see that justice is served.
 Natsumi and Miyuki are policewomen at the Bokuto Police Station. This story recounts the exploits and adventures they have in dealing with the strange characters they are forced to deal with ‘all in a day’s work’.
 Natsumi and Miyuki are policewomen at the Bokuto Police Station. This story recounts the exploits and adventures they have in dealing with the strange characters they are forced to deal with 'all in a day's work'.
 Fresh from being transferred to the LAPD, Miyuki and Natsumi must investigate some unusual car theft incidents in their area. And when Miyuki's yellow 1973 Ford Mustang Mach 1 is "gone in 60 seconds" (literally), the situation gets more complicated when they discover who the thief is.
 Tokyo Highway Patrolwomen Natsumi and Miyuki get off to a bad start when Miyuki busts Natsumi for reckless moped driving on her way to work. Things get worse when they find out they're going to be partners!A continuation of the OVA series, the adventures of Tokyo policewomen Natsumi and Miyuki continue in the You're Under Arrest TV series. It's back to Bokuto Precinct, where demented felons and bashful (but hunky) policemen abound, and where the cutest girl in the office... isn't a girl.
 Best friends and partners Miyuki Kobayakawa and Natsumi Sujimoto, along with the rest of the gang at Bokuto station, confront a motley group of offenders ranging from hi-tech panty thieves, purse-snatchers, and traffic violators. Using Miyuki's driving prowess and tech knowledge, as well as Natsumi's spunk and strength, the duo at times must resort to unconventional methods to see that justice is served.
 On the front lines of the war, there is a little girl. Blond hair, blue eyes, and porcelain white skin, she commands her squad with lisping voice. Her name is Tanya Degurechaff. But in reality, she is one of Japan's most elite salarymen, reborn as a little girl after angering a mysterious being who calls himself God. This little girl, who prioritizes efficiency and her own career over anything else, will become the most dangerous being amongst the sorcerers of the imperial army.
 On the front lines of the war, there is a little girl. Blond hair, blue eyes, and porcelain white skin, she commands her squad with lisping voice. Her name is Tanya Degurechaff. But in reality, she is one of Japan's most elite salarymen, reborn as a little girl after angering a mysterious being who calls himself God. This little girl, who prioritizes efficiency and her own career over anything else, will become the most dangerous being amongst the sorcerers of the imperial army.
 Second season of Youjo Senki.
 In 1926, Tanya and her battalion return home from defeating remnants of the Republic's army. However, when they arrive they receive word of a massive mobilization near the border with the Russy Federation, so the Empire's army must prepare. At the same time, a multinational army under the leadership of the Allied Kingdom moves into the Russy Federation. The enemy of an enemy is a friend, but among the Allied Kingdom army is Mary Sioux, a girl who has sworn to exact justice against the Empire for the death of her father.
 The 203rd Air Mage Battalion led by Tanya is forced to fight in the southern desert, the front line. In an effort to provide some food for the harsh conditions, Colonel Rerugen sent dried pasta to the battlefield. Will Tanya and the others be able to eat the delicious pasta under the conditions of water shortage?
 The president of Mujina Company, Najimu Mujina, isn't originally an adult, nor does she possess a genius intellect
 A chibi parody of Youjo Senki.

 Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai.Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
 New Season of Youkai Watch.
 Primary school student Keita Amano's curiosity is as innocent as any other child's his age. But when one day he decides to venture deeper into the forest, he encounters a small and mysterious capsule. Out from its depths comes Whisper. After 190 years of imprisonment, this ghost-like creature is glad that someone has been kind enough to set him free. He decides to reward Keita by becoming his guardian against supernatural forces. Whisper is one of many Youkai that exist in the world, and provides Keita with a special Youkai Watch, which enables him to see and interact with all the other Youkai.Youkai Watch follows Keita, Whisper and the cat spirit Jibanyan as they encounter Youkai, befriend them, fix all the trouble that they so often cause, and, with the help of the watch, use the powers of previously encountered Youkai to aid them. Young Keita may have been just an ordinary primary school student when he first encountered the Youkai, but the many adventures that follow his discovery provide him with invaluable experiences and precious life lessons that help him grow.
 The super elite school Y Academy is shrouded in many mysteries. The ‘YSP Club’ tackles those very mysteries. And not just that, they can also transform into 'Yo-kai Heroes’. They are entrusted with the mission of solving the greatest mysteries in Yo-kai history. An overly powerful student council, a ruthless disciplinary committee, and even an alien invasion.What awaits Jinpei, and the other 'YSP Club’ members? A bright future? Or perhaps...Sudden gag overload. Touching developments that’ll move you to tears. A completely new experience is waiting for you. Unravel the biggest mystery of the Y Academy...no, the entire world.
 The movie will feature special guests such as popular familiar characters from the TV anime series and the latest Youkai from the upcoming Youkai Watch 2 sequel games.
 Second Youkai Watch movie.
 Third Youkai Watch movie.
 Fourth Youkai Watch film.
 Fifth Youkai Watch film.
 Set in Y-Academy, an elite school that only allows students with top class abilities to enter. The protagonist, Jiba Jinpei, and his unique friends take on the mysteries of the school as transforming heroes.
 Keisuke is a fifth grader who does not believe in ghosts, UFOs, or even youkai. Lately, he has noticed that Natsume has been coming home late, and one day decides to tail her. When he discovers that Natsume goes to a youkai detective agency, Natsume is forced to involve Keisuke in her activities.
 The story is told by the cat-eyed boy, hated by humans and demons, who engages in tales of terror, including monsters and children.
 In the story, the Friends and head of Japari Park work to overcome a big crisis in the lead-up to the opening of the park. Park guide Mirai and Serval make a video record of the situation
 Koudo Ikusei Senior High School is a leading prestigious school with state-of-the-art facilities where nearly 100% of students go on to university or find employment. The students there have the freedom to wear any hairstyle and bring any personal effects they desire. Koudo Ikusei is a paradise-like school, but the truth is that only the most superior of students receive favorable treatment.Ayanokouji Kiyotaka is a student of D-class, which is where the school dumps its "inferior" students in order to ridicule them. For a certain reason, Kiyotaka was careless on his entrance examination, and was put in D-class. After meeting Horikita Suzune and Kushida Kikyou, two other students in his class, Kiyotaka's situation begins to change.
 Koudo Ikusei Senior High School is a leading prestigious school with state-of-the-art facilities where nearly 100% of students go on to university or find employment. The students there have the freedom to wear any hairstyle and bring any personal effects they desire. Koudo Ikusei is a paradise-like school, but the truth is that only the most superior of students receive favorable treatment.Ayanokouji Kiyotaka is a student of D-class, which is where the school dumps its "inferior" students in order to ridicule them. For a certain reason, Kiyotaka was careless on his entrance examination, and was put in D-class. After meeting Horikita Suzune and Kushida Kikyou, two other students in his class, Kiyotaka's situation begins to change.
 Sequel to Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e (TV).
 Sequel to Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e (TV).
 3rd season of Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e (TV).
 Four anime works each received 38 million yen (about US$470,000) from the “2011 Young Animator Training Project.” Just like in 2010, the animation labor group received 214.5 million yen (US$2.65 million) from the Japanese government’s Agency for Cultural Affairs, and it distributed most of those funds to studios who train young animators on-the-job.
 Based on the brilliant maverick doctor created by manga pioneer Osamu Tezuka. This prequel follows Black Jack when he was still a medical student in the 1960s.
 Prequel to Cosmo Warrior Zero.
 Prequel to Cosmo Warrior Zero.
 Jack is a boy who lives with his animal friends Barnaby Bear, Dinah Dog, Squeeker Mouse and Phineas Fox. He's challenged to a race with Allegra, who turns out to be a witch. She takes Jack to the queen witch, Auriana. She plans on turning all her slaves into evil harpies.
 Teenage superheroes strive to prove themselves as members of the Justice League.
 Mo Shi Yi is a talented girl, whose dream is making a lot of money daily, marrying a handsome and rich guy, and stepping on the peak of life. But she loved him so much that she began to lose herself, and then, got a tragic end before rebirth... This life, the only things she wants are money and revenge. Who is that man? She doesn't care. However, why did he become so persistent? Chasing after her all the time!
 Natsumi and Miyuki are policewomen at the Bokuto Police Station. This story recounts the exploits and adventures they have in dealing with the strange characters they are forced to deal with ‘all in a day’s work’.
 I just wanted to have a husband, but who knew that I'm a jinx to my future husband. Alright, no one has the courage to marry me. I could be doomed to a life of solitude. But, dear Imperial Uncle, may I have a discussion with you? Next time you come to my room, could you come in through the door? "No way, we're dating secretly. Climbing through the window makes me feel better."
 The Asian small-clawed otter "fairy baby" character debuted on December 15, 2017. The "eternally 0-year-old" character has no gender, and they wear the turtle character Kame-chan on their head.The mascot character is based on a real-world female pet otter of the same name, who gained a social media following big enough to become the honorary tourism ambassador of the city of Susaki, Kochi.
 Gou has woved to find the legendary treasure of Salamander. Searching for it he meets Ren, a fairy, who is looking for the four treasures of Heart. Gou's childhood friend Mari is frustrated with Gou running after treasures, but befriends with another fairy Rin. Gou and Ren's treasure hunt messes with a secret project led by Mari's father. It turns out Salamander isn't what Gou thought it was in the first place...
 In the early 21st century, an earthquake destroyed Tokyo. Japan lost its center of government and industry, and turned into a lawless territory. Looking for his sister, Takateru Suga learns that she was kidnapped by the powerful Koryukai gang. He decides to ally himself with a drag queen, two ex-mercenaries and a nun to destroy the crime organization and save his sister!
 In the early 21st century, an earthquake destroyed Tokyo. Japan lost its center of government and industry, and turned into a lawless territory. Looking for his sister, Takateru Suga learns that she was kidnapped by the powerful Koryukai gang. He decides to ally himself with a drag queen, two ex-mercenaries and a nun to destroy the crime organization and save his sister!

 “Ranger Wars” is adapted from the novel “Nightcrawler
 A 5000-year-old vegan dragon was living peacefully when one day a young girl showed up in his cave. She offered herself as a sacrifice in order to gain favor for her village. He played along as the great "Evil Dragon, the Demon Lord's Army Leader" in order to get rid of her. However, his little white lie awoke her hidden powers and his peaceful life suddenly ended.
 A 5000-year-old vegan dragon was living peacefully when one day a young girl showed up in his cave. She offered herself as a sacrifice in order to gain favor for her village. He played along as the great "Evil Dragon, the Demon Lord's Army Leader" in order to get rid of her. However, his little white lie awoke her hidden powers and his peaceful life suddenly ended.
 Sakamichi Onada is a wimpy high school freshman who loves anime. He initially wants to enter the anime club, but winds up joining the cycling club after meeting two classmates who are already famous cyclists. He undertakes the grueling training to compete in races, and discovers his own hidden talent in cycling.
 A poster displayed at AnimeJapan revealed that a new Yowamushi Pedal movie will premiere in Summer 2015. It will be an original story written by the mangaka, Wataru Watanabe.
 Fourth season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
 Second season of Yowamushi Pedal series.
 Fifth season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
 Third season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.
 This movie will feature highlights of the Inter High competition from the first season of the anime.
 The movie will compile the episodes from the second season of the anime, and will also have new cuts of animation.
 These are the recollections of a group of men who bet everything on their bicycles. The central pillars of their respective teams, the third years. New stories revealing their pasts are about to begin!
 Sakamichi Onoda is an otaku who just wants to find more people to join the recently disbanded anime club with him. However, when a couple cyclists spy his skill in riding the bulky mamachari bike he's had since youth, they attempt to convince him to join the bicycle racing club instead.
 The story revolves around a quartet of teenaged heroes
 In a town where humans and demons co-exist, it takes more than a normal police force to maintain the peace. Enter the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office, a fantastic foursome of unique teenagers, each gifted with an amazing super power!
  This arc focuses on Rin Azuma, a Jiang-Shi yokai resident of Sakurashin adjusting to her new life in the city and working for a ramen shop. One day her former friend Zakuro Kurumaki invades Sakurashin to capture Rin and convince her to join her in destroying the city with the other yokai hunters as well as Enjin Hiizumi, the main antagonist of the series. Akina Hiizumi and the other members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office take action to save Rin, 'tune' the yokai controlling Zakuro and protect the city.
 Bundled with the limited-edition volumes of the manga (14th-16th). The first volume was screened at a special event on 20.08.2013, DVD was released on 09.10.2013.
 Mythical beasts lay siege on the people of Esteria, who have raised an army to fight back. The beasts are relentless and seemingly have no end to their numbers, while the population of defenders dwindle in every skirmish. Even in the town of Minea, where the people are safely nestled behind castle walls, the constant attacks have left them hopeless. It is then that a prophecy is made, proclaiming the arrival of a brave young soul that could be the one who will bring their salvation.Ys follows Adol Christin, an adventurer driven by wanderlust towards the island of Esteria, who washes up on shore after a shipwreck. Following the guidance of the fortuneteller Sarah Tovah, he and his allies will travel the island in search of the legendary tomes known as the Books of Ys. It will be a long and perilous journey, but if fate is truly at work then Adol will certainly be the hero who returns peace to Esteria.
 Adol Christen, a young man from the mainland, sails to the besieged land of Esteria in search of adventure. Esteria is being overrun by beasts under the control of the evil priest Dark Fact, and the people of the land are running out of time. However, there is a prophecy that tells of a hero from another land who will come to save Esteria -- and his name would be Adol Christen.
 Now that Adol Christen has saved the land of Esteria from the evil priest Dark Fact, Adol and the two priestesses travel to the floating land of Ys, where evil has an even greater influence on the people and no one has hope. The future of Ys falls to Adol, heir to the powers of the priests and the only one who can show the people of Ys the truth about their world. But, as Adol's power grows, he may be the one who will save Ys -- or destroy it.
 One day, 14 year old Yusuke Urameshi suddenly finds himself dead, having died pushing a child out of the way of oncoming traffic. Since he has such a bad personality, even the Spirit World was caught by surpise that he would sacrifice himself. Yusuke soon finds out he wasn’t supposed to die and has a chance for resurrection and bringing his body back to life. After being resurrected, Yusuke becomes a Spirit Detective, along with his comrades, and one adventure after another happens, whether it be an investigation or a fighting tournament.Genre
 Urameshi Yusuke, 14 years of age, is about as troublesome and violent as teenagers come. He is constantly ditching school, causing trouble, and getting into numerous fights everyday. One day however, he does the unexpected, sacrificing himself to save a young child. Such an action, was never ever expected, especially coming from someone as troublesome as Urameshi Yusuke. The afterlife is not prepared for Yusuke, as they never thought he would make such a sacrifice. Nowhere to go, and dead, Yusuke becomes a ghost and must earn his way back into existence.Yusuke is "employed" by Koenma, who is in charge while his father and ruler of the afterlife, King Enma, is away. Under Koenma's command, Yusuke helps to stop menacing demons that threaten the lives of people everywhere; whether by stealing priceless and invaluable items and destructive weapons, or by wreaking havoc on humans everywhere.Throughout Yusuke's journey, he is usually joined by; his arch-rival, and local bully, Kuwabara Kazuma. He is also joined by two demons named Hiei and Kurama, whom are ex-convicts of the afterlife that managed to escape from Koenma.This group of unlikely allies goes on to participate and struggle in battles that have outcomes that determine the fate of humanity!Yu Yu Hakusho is created by popular mangaka Yoshihiro Togashi, who is also responsible for creating the acclaimed and much-loved series known as Hunter X Hunter. Yu Yu Hakusho also managed to surpass Dragon Ball Z in ratings during its TV run.
 Millennia ago, a war was fought between the Netherworld and the Spirit World. Ultimately, the Netherworld was destroyed and Lord Yakumo, the King of the Netherworld, was banished to the depths of space. Now, five defenders from the Spirit World must team-up against Yakumo's Demon-Gods for possesion of five, mystical sites. But Lord Yakumo is dangerously close to reclaiming the Power Sphere - the source of the Netherworld's energy - and once it is again in his possession, our world will become the new Netherworld.
 Yusuke Urameshi is not exactly what you'd call an angel. In fact, some might call him down right devilish. But when he dies in an accident trying to save a child, he finds himself in the Spirit World. Unfortunately for Yusuke, his name is not listed in the Book of Enma, which means it was one big mistake! So he should return from the Spirit World, but must pass a few tests first, and become a detective of the spiritual world.So now Yusuke works in the Spirit World as a half-dead, half-alive agent for Koenma, son of the ruler of the Spirit World. This position does have its disadvantages, especially when you're trying to enjoy your summer vacation and Koenma gets kidnapped! So now Yusuke must interrupt his summer fun to find Koenma and trade the Golden Seal of King Enma for his life. But if someone other then King Enma has the Golden Seal there will be chaos in the Spirit World! What's a half-dead spirit detective to do?With the aide of his closest allies, Yusuke sets off for Magma Valley, to save the life of the one who saved his, and find out who's at the bottom of this evil conspiracy.
 Yusuke Urameshi is not exactly what you'd call an angel. In fact, some might call him down right devilish. But when he dies in an accident trying to save a child, he finds himself in the Spirit World. Unfortunately for Yusuke, his name is not listed in the Book of Enma, which means it was one big mistake! So he should return from the Spirit World, but must pass a few tests first, and become a detective of the spiritual world.So now Yusuke works in the Spirit World as a half-dead, half-alive agent for Koenma, son of the ruler of the Spirit World. This position does have its disadvantages, especially when you're trying to enjoy your summer vacation and Koenma gets kidnapped! So now Yusuke must interrupt his summer fun to find Koenma and trade the Golden Seal of King Enma for his life. But if someone other then King Enma has the Golden Seal there will be chaos in the Spirit World! What's a half-dead spirit detective to do?With the aide of his closest allies, Yusuke sets off for Magma Valley, to save the life of the one who saved his, and find out who's at the bottom of this evil conspiracy.
 Yugioh Series Zero is another version of Duel monsters. 4Kids considered this series of Yugioh to be “too violent” and was never released outside of japan or dubbed in English. This series starts off earlier in the Manga than that of Duel Monsters, giving us more of a background into where Yugi found his millennial puzzle and a few other things before it gets to the card game that Yugioh is famous for.
 While riding with Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudos's Stardust Dragon is captured by Paradox, a mysterious Turbo Duelist from the future, during a Turbo Duel and turned into a Sin Monster. With the help of the Crimson Dragon, Yusei chases after Paradox as he enters a time slip, ending up in the past. During this time, Paradox duels against Jaden Yuki, who is still able to use the powers of Yubel and The Supreme King.However, by this time Paradox had also captured Cyber End Dragon and Rainbow Dragon and overwhelms Jaden. He is saved thanks to Yusei and the Crimson Dragon. Jaden informs Yusei of Paradox's true intentions. By stealing various monsters from across time and turning them dark, he plans to kill Maximillion Pegasus, the creator of Duel Monsters, preventing the game from being created and causing the events of all three series to never happen. Yusei and Jaden agree to pursue Paradox, which leads them to the past and causes a meeting with the King of Games, Yugi Mutou. However, by the time Yusei & Jaden arrive, Paradox had already attacked his time, supposedly killing both Pegasus and Yugi's grandpa, and had also managed to steal Blue-Eyes White Dragon and Red-Eyes Black Dragon. After explaining everything to Yugi, he agrees to fight with Yusei and Jaden against Paradox in the ultimate three-on-one duel to free the trapped monsters and save both the world and time itself before it's too late.
 While riding with Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan, Yuusei Fudou's Stardust Dragon is captured by Paradox, a mysterious Turbo Duelist from the future, during a Turbo Duel and turned into a Sin Monster. With the help of the Crimson Dragon, Yuusei chases after Paradox as he enters a time slip, ending up in the past. During this time, Paradox duels against Jaden Yuki, who is still able to use the powers of Yubel and The Supreme King. However, by this time Paradox had also captured Cyber End Dragon and Rainbow Dragon and overwhelms Jaden. He is saved thanks to Yuusei and the Crimson Dragon. Jaden informs Yuusei of Paradox's true intentions. By stealing various monsters from across time and turning them dark, he plans to kill Maximillion Pegasus, the creator of Duel Monsters, preventing the game from being created and causing the events of all three series to never happen.Yuusei and Jaden agree to pursue Paradox, which leads them to the past and causes a meeting with the King of Games, Yuugi Mutou. However, by the time Yuusei and Jaden arrive, Paradox had already attacked his time, supposedly killing both Pegasus and Yuugi's grandpa, and had also managed to steal Blue-Eyes White Dragon and Red-Eyes Black Dragon. After explaining everything to Yuugi, he agrees to fight with Yuusei and Jaden against Paradox in the ultimate three-on-one duel to free the trapped monsters and save both the world and time itself before it's too late.
 Many years in the future after the exploits of Yugi Mutou, Domino City has become a shadow of its former self
 The 5th Yu-Gi-Oh! series with an original storyline.
 3000 Years ago marked the turning point of an Egyptian Dynasty; the Pharaoh’s spirit was sealed inside one of the ancient relics, the Millennium Puzzle, after saving the kingdom from an enemy army. Now, in the present age, the Millennium Puzzle is found by a young boy, Yugi Mutou, who unlocks the spirit of the puzzle and is possessed by the sprit of the old Pharaoh, who lost all of his memories from his old life.As a thank you to the spirit who saved him from bullies and gave him new friends, Yugi decided to help the spirit out and find a way to recover his lost memories and send him to the after life. Genres
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters centers around the journey of the spirit of an ancient Egyptian pharaoh who is trying to re-discover who he was many years ago, since he has lost his memories. With the help of a boy, Yugi Mutou, the one who awakened the spirit, and his friends, he battles many villains and adversaries. Many of the villains have been linked to the Nameless Pharaoh's past, due to the Millennium Puzzle he holds and many try to take the puzzle and his power away from him.The series focuses on the card game aspect of it and the main theme represented throughout the series is friendship.
 Duel Academy, one of the most prestigious schools in Duel Monster's history. There students learn the fundamentals of becoming not just duelists, but large business owners.Yuki Judai is a new student with only one thing on his mind, to become the next King Of Games. Judai meets several friends, teachers, and even enemies at the large Dueling school. There he'll have to face off against several different Dorms to become number one duelist. Slifer Red, Ra Yellow, and Obelisk Blue are the three dorms. Will Judai be able to pass all of them?Based on Kazuki Takahashi's world famous anime and manga Yu-Gi-Oh!.
 Set a generation into the future, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX revolves around a boy named Jaden Yuki as he begins his life at Duel Academy, owned by Kaiba Corp. While running late for his entrance exams, Jaden bumps into Yugi Muto, the King of Games! Seeing a Duel Disk and deck, Yugi thinks he must be a duelist, Jaden confirms this as he says he’s on his way for his entrance exams for the Duel Academy.Yugi decides to give him a Winged Kuriboh card, saying it is a lucky card, and he wishes Jaden luck on his exams as he runs off. As Jaden enters the school, he befriends Alexis Rhodes, Syrus Truesdale, Bastion Misawa, Zane Truesdale, and Chazz Princeton. Together they experience many adventures while trying to stop evil from spreading! There are three dorms in Duel Academy, Obelisk Blue for the Elite, Ra Yellow for those with potential, and Slifer Red, for the drop outs
 Based on the trading card and television series phenomenon,Yu-Gi-Oh! is the story of Yugi, a boy captivated by the card game sweeping the nation
 The theme for the new work is "Let's take one step forward and try it!" Yuusaku hates standing out, and at his school he doesn't. However, Yuusaku starts meeting others through duels, and starts moving forward.
 The story takes place in the distant future and focuses on a boy named Yuma Tsukumo, the number one bad boy at his school. Something unexpected happens when Ryoga challenges him to a Duel as the mysterious ghost of Astral appears before them, a new legend begins.
 A new enemy has been revealed - Barian. They wish to gather the "Numbers" and destroy the Astral World to avoid their own world's destruction. As such, Yuma and his friends are their prime target, and the Barian begin to slowly enter Heartland City.
 Second Season of Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal
 Anubis, an ancient Egyptian evil that was defeated by Yugi's alter ego centuries ago, has returned to exact revenge. Wielding the power of the Eighth Millennium Item, Anubis is determined to destroy Yugi and take over the world.
 "Blue Eyes White Dragon will bring victory" while "Red Eyes Black Dragon will bring the potential of victory". A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red Eyes Black Dragon, with that card in his possession, he must learn to bring out his confidence to duel.
 Set six months after the events of the original Yu-Gi-Oh! manga, Yuugi Mutou and his friends are in their final year of high school and are talking about what they will do in the future. Meanwhile, Seto Kaiba has commissioned an excavation to retrieve the disassembled Millennium Puzzle from the ruins of the "Shrine of the Underworld." The item had previously housed the soul of his rival, Atem, whom he hopes to revive in order to settle their score. The excavation is interrupted by a mysterious man, who faces Kaiba in a game of "Magic & Wizards" and steals two pieces of the recovered Puzzle. What is his ulterior motive?
 In the city of Den City, thousands of duelists take part in a virtual reality space known as Link Vrains, where users can create unique avatars and participate in games of Duel Monsters with each other. As a mysterious hacker organisation known as the Knights of Hanoi threaten this world, a high-school student named Yusaku Fujiki battles against them under the guise of Playmaker.One day, Yusaku encounters a peculiar artificial intelligence program, which he names Ai, who sets off a digital maelstrom in Link Vrains known as the Data Storm. As the appearance of this storm gives birth to Speed Duels, in which duelists surf the wind as they duel, Yusaku battles against Hanoi in order to uncover the truth concerning an incident that happened to him years ago.
 The eighth anime series in the Yu-Gi-Oh! franchise.
 A new television anime series for the 20th anniversary of the anime franchise.
 Set six months after the events of the original Yu-Gi-Oh! manga, Yugi Muto and his friends are in their final year of high school and are talking about what they will do in the future. Meanwhile, Seto Kaiba has commissioned an excavation to retrieve the disassembled Millennium Puzzle from the ruins of the Millennium chamber. The item had previously housed the soul of his rival, Atem, whom he hopes to revive in order to settle their score. The excavation is interrupted by a mysterious man, who faces Kaiba in a game of Duel Monsters and steals two pieces of the recovered Puzzle. What is his ulterior motive? The stakes have never been higher; the rivalries never as fierce; the risks never
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 Third season of Yuan Long
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 A young man with his brush plunges into a chaotic world and lights up the heavens. In a world where cultivators are paramount, will the vermilion bird swallow the dragon, or will the dragon transcend beyond all else?!

 "Negotiation means, you turn words into weapons"This is the realization of the popular comic Yu-go that was published in Kondasha Afternoon Magazine over a period of 10 years.Beppu Yuugo is the world's most successfull negotiator. His only weapons are "words." Yuugo doesn't kill people. Neither does he threaten them with brute violence. With rich knowledge and a calm judgement, he believes in the humans inside them. Doing only that he has managed many dangerous negotiations successfully until now. Now two of the many episodes have been chosen very carefully, one taking place in Russia, the other one in Pakistan. In the burning desert and the freezing Siberia Yuugo begins his negotiations.
 Up in Heaven, Yuki’s grandparents decide that, having turned thirteen years old, she must go down to Earth to a village that is torn by bandits and intervene to save its people. However, if she does not succeed within one year, she will become as insubstantial as the wind. Down in the village, Yuki is befriended by a group of orphans whose parents have been killed by the bandits and who now subsist by begging. Yuki amazes them by taming the wild horse Blizzard. She is instrumental in getting the orphans and farmers to stand up to first the warring bandits and then Goemon, the greedy lord that owns the region. Yuki must then face her greatest challenge when the displeased Demon God that lives in the volcano emerges to destroy those who live beneath.
 Based on the children's story by Hans Christian Andersen.Gerda and Kai have been neighbors and best friends since childhood. Gerda is eleven, Kai twelve. They were happy children who worked and played as they should. All that changed when the Snow Queen's mirror broke. The shards spread all through the world, each containing evil. If a shard went inside your eye, it would turn your heart to ice. A shard went into Kai's eye. After that, he grew cold to those he loved.One night, the Snow Queen came in her carriage and took Kai back to her ice castle at the farthest north point of the world. Everyone in Kai and Gerda's village didn't know where he went and believed he died from drowning in the frozen-over lake. Gerda doesn't believe this, for she dreamed of seeing Kai enter the carriage. When a drunk man admits that he also saw this, Gerda starts realizing that maybe what she saw wasn't a dream. She packs her things and goes on a journey to save Kai and bring him back home.
 This pilot is remembered, really, for one notable reason
 This full 3DCG digital animation has story takes place in the far future after a pillar of huge fog appeared suddenly in the South Pole. This pillar, known as Jam, is actually a passage for an earth invasion.In order to oppose the threat, the United Nations established an earth defense mechanism. Fukai Zero is a hero registered to the main force of earth defense and the special 5th flight squadron. His reconnaissance plane, Yukikaze (windblown snow) is the best tactical reconnaissance plane. His job is to collect battle information return safely to the base with the information. But one day when he about to finish his duty, an unidentified machine attacked him...

 Yume de Aetara is a story about one guy Fuguno Masuo (a complete loser when it comes to relationship with women) and two girls
 Fuguno Matsuo has never had a girlfriend all his 24 years in life and what makes things worse is that a fortune teller predicted that he never will. However, when he laid his eye on Nagisa-sensei he fell in-love right away and began earnestly wooing her. Along comes Hamaoka, a co-worker who is smitten with Fuguno, and a love-triangle ensues.
 Fuguno Matsuo has never had a girlfriend all his 24 years in life and what makes things worse is that a fortune teller predicted that he never will. However, when he laid his eye on Nagisa-sensei he fell in-love right away and began earnestly wooing her. Along comes Hamaoka, a co-worker who is smitten with Fuguno, and a love-triangle ensues.
 The civilians of the Crayon Kingdom have always view their Princess Silver as a twelve-year old girl with a beautiful smile. However, unknown to them, the princess has 12 bad habits. This has created much distress to the Chameleon Prime Minister and the Crayon ministers for it would be embarassing if this gets out. One day, a party was held to celebrate Princess Silver's twelvth birthday. The princess was trying to seek her Prince Charming that she forgot to take notice of her bad habits. One of the boys at the party was so angry that he changed Silver's parents, the King and Queen, into stone. In order to break the curse and save her parents, Silver decided to set on a journey to locate the boy. Together with her companions, Silver begins her adventure.
 The heroine is a normal girl, until one day she is invited to another world and becomes the princess of the dream world, where people use dreams as the energy to live. One day, the dream world is being attacked by something called "yumekui" ("dream eater"), and many princes are being attacked by it. The heroine must wake them up to save the dream world, as the princes are unable to wake up due to having their dreams stolen.
 Hirono Kenta is your average geeky junior high school student. His childhood obsession has always been Tokusatsu and anime. In fact, he fancies himself as a "Hero of Justice" and often is seen running around in a makeshift costume of his own design called "Wing Man." Most of his fellow classmates thinks he's just a crazy otaku, but his childhood friend Ogawa Miku thinks he's a noble spirit.One day as Hirono is walking to school, a beautiful and voluptuous girlliterally drops out of the sky and into his life. Hirono, bewildered by the event, none-the-less takes the girl to his home to recuperate (this is his duty as a "Hero of Justice"). He also keeps the "Dream Note" so that he can transpose his favorite "Wing Man" costume designs into it.Later, Hirono is confronted by the girl who reveals herself to be Yume Aoi, Princess of the Dreamscape called Botoreem. Her domain has been conquered by the power mad despot, Rimeru and his armies of monstrous "Seed Men." She barely escaped her domain with the power artifact known as the "Dream Note." The "Dream Note" enables its possessor to create anything they desire by merely drawing or writing information within its pages. Rimeru seeks to steal it to become Master of the Universe. She demands that Hirono give her back the book, but Hirono had already begun drawing into the book (mystically linking himself to it).Hirono soon discovers that his designs and notes on Wing Man become reality and he in turn becomes his own creation. Using these powers and abilities, he and Aoi begin their strange and amazing adventure. Along the way, Hirono inadvertently involves all of his friends, especially Miku in his quest to help Aoi free her people and save her father.Rimeru sends his various minions to Earth's dimension to retrieve the book. One his henchmen is the noble yet devious Kitakura who goes as far as infiltrating Hirono's junior high school masquerading as a teacher.
 When people dream, they express their utmost desires and emotions within the confines of their mind; but when their strong emotions cross the border into reality, the dream can turn into an uncontrollable nightmare.Touko and Rinko are sisters known as "yume tsukai" (dream users), and their job is to take care of these nightmares. Using toys as weapons, the girls must both destroy the nightmare and return the dream to its rightful owner before the nightmare does any sort of serious damage.
 This series tells the story of 14 year old Ichigo Amano, a clumsy girl who dreams of becoming a pastry chef. She draws closer to fulfilling her dream when she enrolls in the St. Mary Academy culinary school and meets a tiny “spirit of sweets.”
 This series tells the story of 14 year old Ichigo Amano, a clumsy girl who dreams of becoming a pastry chef. She draws closer to fulfilling her dream when she enrolls in the St. Mary Academy culinary school and meets a tiny “spirit of sweets.”
 The story revolves around Yukami Makoto, a high school boy whose hobby is visiting hot springs. His 100th hot spring visit is at Miyama-kan, an inn run by four poster girls
 Wataru Sajou, who is deeply in love with his beautiful classmate Aika Natsukawa, approaches her without getting discouraged while having dreams about their mutual love. However, one day, he woke up thinking, "I am not really fit to be together with someone as good as her, huh..." Upon realizing this, Wataru started keeping an appropriate distance from her, much to Aika's surprise. "Could it be that he hates me now...?"Did his intentions slip by her because she was getting impatient after arriving at the wrong conclusion?! This is the start of a romcom revolving around two people who just can't get their feelings across and both think their love is unrequited!
 On his 16th birthday, Tomokazu Mikuri had a realistic dream where he sees a girl battling a giant floating monstrosity. When he wakes up, he is surprised that the girl is actually sleeping next to him... Whenever he sleeps from now on, he ends up back at the dream world, and more and more people that he knows keep showing up there too. He finds out from a mysterious masked woman in the dream world named Silk that they are fighting against one named Faydoom, and he is the one who provides the powers to those girls so that they can fight these monsters. And so it goes...
 Bundled with the 11th and 12th volumes of the Yuragi-sou no Yuuna-san manga. It will adapt the manga's 12th chapter.
 Some time ago, the asteroid Kumaria exploded in the depths of space.The resulting fragments became a meteor shower that rained down on Earth, and for some reason, bears all over the world rose up and attacked humanity! In "Man vs. Bear," the bears ate the humans and the humans shot the bears, resulting in a seemingly unending battle and a cycle of hatred. In the end, a giant "Wall of Extinction" was erected between the humans and bears and a state of mutual nonaggression came to pass...The human world.One morning, Arashigaoka Academy students Kureha Tsubaki and Sumika Izumino were by themselves and saw the "Yuri Flower" that bloomed in a flower bed. The two are friends as well as lovers. The flower bed is an important place to the two. At that moment, the Bear Alarms ring out! The bears are invading the human world, and humans are being attacked! Are they really those bears? One mystery invokes yet another mystery, one after another. The curtain rises magnificently on Yuri Kuma Arashi!
 In the past, humanoid bears coexisted with humans. However, a meteor shower that fell onto Earth had a strange effect on bears throughout the world
 Naoko-san is an alien from the planet Yuri, who is plotting to conquer the Earth by yurifying it. Misuzu is a junior high girl and is always troubled by Naoko-san, who lives on the roof of her house. They hear rumors that a molester is wandering around in the area, so they decide to investigate.
 The show's story revolves around Yuuri Katsuki, who carried all of Japan's hopes on his shoulders to win at the Gran Prix Finale ice skating competition, but suffered a crushing defeat. He returns home to Kyushu and half feels like he wants to retire, and half feels like he wants to continue ice skating. With those mixed feelings swirling inside him, he confines himself inside his parents house. Suddenly the five-time consecutive world championship ice skater Viktor Nikiforov appears before him, and along with him is Yuri Plisetsky, a young Russian figure skater who is already defeating his seniors. Viktor and both Yuris take up the challenge on an unprecedented Gran Prix series.
 The show's story revolves around Yuri Katsuki, who carried all of Japan's hopes on his shoulders to win at the Gran Prix Finale ice skating competition, but suffered a crushing defeat. He returns home to Kyushu and half feels like he wants to retire, and half feels like he wants to continue ice skating. With those mixed feelings swirling inside him, he confines himself inside his parents house. Suddenly the five-time consecutive world championship ice skater Viktor Nikiforov appears before him, and along with him is Yuri Plisetsky, a young Russian figure skater who is already defeating his seniors. Viktor and both Yuris take up the challenge on an unprecedented Gran Prix series.
 YURI!!! on ICE the movie 
 Rin likes to go camping by herself along the lakes that provide a scenic view of Mt. Fuji. Nadeshiko loves to take cycling trips by herself to places where she can see Mt. Fuji. After they meet, Rin and Nadeshiko take camping trips, eat cup ramen together, and enjoy the scenery.
 While the perfect getaway for most girls her age might be a fancy vacation with their loved ones, Rin Shima's ideal way of spending her days off is camping alone at the base of Mount Fuji. From pitching her tent to gathering firewood, she has always done everything by herself, and has no plans of leaving her little solitary world.However, what starts off as one of Rin's usual camping sessions somehow ends up as a surprise get-together for two when the lost Nadeshiko Kagamihara is forced to take refuge at her campsite. Originally intending to see the picturesque view of Mount Fuji for herself, Nadeshiko's plans are disrupted when she ends up falling asleep partway to her destination. Alone and with no other choice, she seeks help from the only other person nearby. Despite their hasty introductions, the two girls nevertheless enjoy the chilly night together, eating ramen and conversing while the campfire keeps them warm. And even after Nadeshiko's sister finally picks her up later that night, both girls silently ponder the possibility of another camping trip together.
 The anime film will feature the familiar characters from the franchise now grown up, and reuniting to construct a campsite.

 Four fun-loving schoolgirls take over the former room of a tea ceremony club for their own “Gorakubu.”
 Based on a manga series written and illustrated by Namori, serialised in Comic Yuri Hime S from June 12, 2008, later in Comic Yuri Hime in September 2010.
 Extra episodes of Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi!
 The second season of Yuru Yuri.
 Third season of Yuru Yuri.
 Yurume, an 18-year-old “ronin” and recent high school graduate, has high hopes of being accepted and attending Tokyo University. She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams.
 She moves into an apartment complex, the Maison du Wish, located on the outskirts of Tokyo where other ronins living there are studying for upcoming college acceptance exams.
 The continuation of Yurumates 3D right after the first season.
 Comedy anime about the generation gaps. The three main characters represent the major generations of Japanese; Yutori (teenagers), Tsumekomi (20-30s) and Dankai (middle age). Tsumekomi-chan is an office worker in a toy company and supervises the part-time working student Yutori-chan. She tries to get along with Yutori-chan but her selfish behavior typical of the Yutori generation is incomprehensible.
 Special included in the 25th anniversary Blu-ray box set.The special will cover the "Two Shot" bonus chapter from the manga's seventh volume, which tells the story of how Kurama and Hiei met, as well as the manga's penultimate chapter "All or Nothing." which shows the main characters reuniting to solve a hostage crisis in the spirit world.
 "Negotiation means, you turn words into weapons"This is the realization of the popular comic Yu-go that was published in Kondasha Afternoon Magazine over a period of 10 years.Beppu Yuugo is the world's most successfull negotiator. His only weapons are "words." Yuugo doesn't kill people. Neither does he threaten them with brute violence. With rich knowledge and a calm judgement, he believes in the humans inside them. Doing only that he has managed many dangerous negotiations successfully until now. Now two of the many episodes have been chosen very carefully, one taking place in Russia, the other one in Pakistan. In the burning desert and the freezing Siberia Yuugo begins his negotiations.
 No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.
 The story takes place in the era of the gods, year 300. Yuuna Yuuki lives an ordinary life as a second year middle school student, but she's also a member of the "Hero Club," where club activities involve dealing with a mysterious being called "Vertex."
 What does it mean to be a hero? Yuuki Yuuna thinks she knows. As part of the Hero Club in her middle school, Yuuki always does her best, wants to help others, and strives to bring smiles to people's faces, no matter who they are.But Yuuki is about to become a much bigger hero. Mysterious and powerful forces are approaching and threatening to destroy the world Yuuki knows and loves, and it's up to Yuuki and the Hero Club to stop them. Together with her companions, Yuuki uses a special phone app to transform into a magical girl and battle against strange beings called vertices.In between studying and putting on shows for kids, Yuuki has to fight for the very existence of her world. Can five middle school girls really stop the vertices from entering their home world and destroying it?
 Set in year 300 of the Era of the Gods, heroes and shrine maidens were summoned after a crisis befell on the sacred tree. The Sanshu Middle School Hero Club was transformed into a bountiful household with 27 of them gathered together. Headed by someone who has a strong sense of companionship, Fu Inubozaki, she is determined to make it an Udon Hero Club!
 Third season of Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru.
 In the year 298 from the era of the gods, elementary school girls Sumi Washio, Sonoko Nogi, and Gin Minowa are tasked with an important mission. They are to become heroes and fight Vertex, a mysterious enemy that is attacking Shinju-sama, the god tree that protects Shikoku, the only area in the world that is still habitable. What they don't know, is that this fight will cost them more than they could have ever imagined.
 The first movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.
 The second movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.
 The third and final movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.
 Sequel of Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru.
 The story takes place in the era of the gods, year 300. Yuuna Yuuki lives an ordinary life as a second year middle school student, but she's also a member of the "Hero Club," where club activities involve dealing with a mysterious being called "Vertex."
 The story takes place in the era of the gods, year 300. Yuuna Yuuki lives an ordinary life as a second year middle school student, but she's also a member of the "Hero Club," where club activities involve dealing with a mysterious being called "Vertex."
 The story takes place in the era of the gods, year 300. Yuuna Yuuki lives an ordinary life as a second year middle school student, but she's also a member of the "Hero Club," where club activities involve dealing with a mysterious being called "Vertex."
 Second half of Youkoku no Moriarty.

 A newspaper article about a vandalized painting catches the eye of William James Moriarty. Recognizing the artist from his childhood days in the slums, he takes his brother Louis with him on a trip to the city of Bath to meet with the artist personally and identify the culprit. However, the person claiming to be the painter is not the man William remembers. Joined by Sherlock Holmes and John H. Watson, William looks for clues in order to find his old friend.
 Great Britain is ablaze with news of a so-called "Lord of Crime," a criminal mastermind responsible for the downfall of several unruly nobles. In truth, the Lord of Crime is not an individual, but rather a group consisting of William James Moriarty and his two brothers, Louis and Albert. Together, they wish to destroy everything rotten about their current world and create a new, fair society for all. To accomplish their goal, they must commit criminal acts, which the great detective Sherlock Holmes and his partner, John H. Watson, cannot abide by. A dangerous cat and mouse game begins between the Lord of Crime and Sherlock, with each trying to outwit the other. Yet Sherlock, despite his skills, has no idea that his foe is right under his nose.Involved with both parties is a woman named Irene Adler, who is as beautiful as she is cunning. No stranger to scandal, Irene has embroiled herself in one that may be too big even for her, as the classified documents she stole could shake the very foundations of the British Empire. Can Irene be saved, or does a deadly future await her?
 Donning a special mask, a young man defends the planet.
 Tells the story of a member of the Universal Peace Corps from the Planet Radion coming to Earth on a mission to determine if this world meets standards for membership in the Galactic Union of Worlds and assist its inhabitants during his stay. While on his mission Prince Planet adopts the identity of an Earth boy named Bobby and gains comrades who work together alongside him combating evil forces both alien and terrestrial.
 When aliens plan to invade earth, the young Kouta along with a giant robot from outspace named Exkaiser must team up to save the world and his friends.
 Far to the north of the world lies Hell's Gate, a portal formerly used by the Demon Lord to invade the human realm. Thanks to the legendary hero Shion Bladearts, wielder of Excalibur, and his loyal band of companions, the Gate was sealed off and the demonic threat was vanquished.Unfortunately, the seal was incomplete and has begun to weaken, allowing the demons to once again begin their attack. Worried about the safety of his village, selfish and perverted farmer Touka Scott dig pitfalls to defend against the demons. But fear not, for Shion is on his way to reseal Hell's Gate and save humanity!Or at least he was, because the legendary hero is dead, having fallen into one of the pitfalls Touka dug. Luckily, dealing with the dead is the specialty of necromancer Anri Haynesworth. While she can't revive him, Anri can at least salvage their quest by forcing Touka's soul into Shion's rotting body and dragging him along to Hell's Gate in Shion's place. Not wanting to be left behind, Touka's childhood friend Yuna Yunis tags along. Together, the three of them set out as what just might be the most unsuitable party to ever try to save the world!
 Far to the north of the world lies Hell's Gate, a portal formerly used by the Demon Lord to invade the human realm. Thanks to the legendary hero Shion Bladearts, wielder of Excalibur, and his loyal band of companions, the Gate was sealed off and the demonic threat was vanquished.Unfortunately, the seal was incomplete and has begun to weaken, allowing the demons to once again begin their attack. Worried about the safety of his village, selfish and perverted farmer Touka Scott dig pitfalls to defend against the demons. But fear not, for Shion is on his way to reseal Hell's Gate and save humanity!Or at least he was, because the legendary hero is dead, having fallen into one of the pitfalls Touka dug. Luckily, dealing with the dead is the specialty of necromancer Anri Haynesworth. While she can't revive him, Anri can at least salvage their quest by forcing Touka's soul into Shion's rotting body and dragging him along to Hell's Gate in Shion's place. Not wanting to be left behind, Touka's childhood friend Yuna Yunis tags along. Together, the three of them set out as what just might be the most unsuitable party to ever try to save the world!
 Grade schooler Yuuta Tominaga stumbles upon Deckerd, a humanoid robot under construction by the Japanese police, built to fight advanced forms of crime. Yuuta's constant contact with Deckerd gives the robot a "heart," or personality; when Yuuta is recruited as the "boss" of the "Brave Police" as a result, a true human/robot partnership occurs.
 Unaired episode that was released with volume 9 of the Light Novel.
 Specials included in the Blu-ray/DVD Volumes.
 Beast Tamer Rein, who uses animals, was a member of the hero's party. However, since he couldn't do anything else, he wasn't able to keep up in battle."You only know how to play with animals. You're fired."Rein is kicked out of the party and now lives freely as an adventurer. On his journey, he meets a girl from a cat tribe, the so-called strongest species. Elsewhere, the hero's party remains unaware that their previous success was all thanks to Rein...This is the story of a beast tamer no longer held back and his fateful encounter with a precious companion.
 Beast Tamer Rein, who uses animals, was a member of the hero's party. However, since he couldn't do anything else, he wasn't able to keep up in battle."You only know how to play with animals. You're fired."Rein is kicked out of the party and now lives freely as an adventurer. On his journey, he meets a girl from a cat tribe, the so-called strongest species. Elsewhere, the hero's party remains unaware that their previous success was all thanks to Rein...This is the story of a beast tamer no longer held back and his fateful encounter with a precious companion.
 After a slumber of 12 millennia, the Demon Empire returns to seize control of the Earth. Reideen, the giant robot-like protector of the lost continent of Mu, senses the evil presence and awakens within its golden pyramid, revealing to young Japanese boy Akira Hibiki that he is the one descendant of the ancient Mu people who must help Reideen save Earth.He was assisted by his friends, token girl Mari Sakurano (daughter of a scientist fighting the Demon Empire) and several members of his high school soccer team.
 A huge space monster appeared in a city and began to destroy the city. People were escaping with screaming. Among them, there were five high school students, En, Kai, Shin, Yoku, and Ryu. However, they failed to escape, and they rushed into a patrol car parked nearby. The monster was approaching to them. When they began to accept their death, the patrol car glowed blue white and disappeared into a mysterious space carrying them. When they were astonished, it was an alien that appeared in front of them. He was a Bravian who is an officer of the Space Police Organization that was responsible for the peace and order of the universe. He explained them that he was aimed at by ferocious aliens in the Space Prison Sargasso. He added that he had given them a battle machine "Dag Beagle" made by copying machines on the Earth in order to fight against Sargasso.They turned into Dagwon by the power of Bravian, and fought against space monsters. At that moment, the patrol car came in front of En. En grew into the car and turned into the Brave Robot Dag Fire, then beaten the enemy. However, the fight between the Brave Dagwon and the felonious aliens of Sargasso had just begun.
 A Continuation of the original Dagwon Series. Peace is restored and the original cast return to their normal life. The sudden appearance of a new mysterious boy that appeared and was chase by no other than their own ally from the past demanding the Dagwon crew to turn the boy in. The dead from the past also make an appearance in this OVA. So the new adventure and excitement begin a new.
 Nouvelle Tokio City locates on the place where it used to be Tokyo Bay. At the first glance, the prosperous city seems to enjoy its freedom and peace, but the city is suffering from the crimes.Senpuuji Maito is a perfect 15-year-old boy, bright, handsome, smart, and all-around sportsman. Furthermore, he is the leader of Senpuuji Trading group, and a multimillionaire. He spends his private fortune to found "Brave Express Squad"? which consists of several robots. They are the robots that have various special abilities. Above all, the leader, Gaine, has a super artificial intelligence and has own personality. They can transform into trains. In case of incidents, they will appear anywhere in the world using the highly developed railway system.
 Following Gutsy Galaxy Guard`s victory over the Zonder Empire and the 31 Primevals, a new threat makes their appearance on Earth. GGG - with Guy Shishio and the newly-constructed GaoFighGar - team up with their French counterpart Chasseur to battle the evil organization BioNet. Among Chasseur`s ranks is Renais Cardiff Shishioh - a former BioNet cyborg with the relentless pursuit of destroying those who took away her humanity. But as GGG and Chasseur fight the BioNet, GGG`s bases around the world are suddenly attacked, and the recently-discovered "Q-Parts" and the original Gao Machines are stolen by Mamoru Amami, who has been abducted and cloned by an even greater threat known as the "Eleven Kings of Sol." Evicted from Earth by the United Nations, GGG must now travel to the far reaches of the galaxy to battle the Eleven Kings of Sol and save Mamoru before it`s too late.
 Following Gutsy Galaxy Guard's victory over the Zonder Empire and the 31 Primevals, a new threat makes their appearance on Earth. GGG - with Guy Shishio and the newly-constructed GaoFighGar - team up with their French counterpart Chasseur to battle the evil organization BioNet. Among Chasseur's ranks is Renais Cardiff Shishioh - a former BioNet cyborg with the relentless pursuit of destroying those who took away her humanity. But as GGG and Chasseur fight the BioNet, GGG's bases around the world are suddenly attacked, and the recently-discovered "Q-Parts" and the original Gao Machines are stolen by Mamoru Amami, who has been abducted and cloned by an even greater threat known as the "Eleven Kings of Sol." Evicted from Earth by the United Nations, GGG must now travel to the far reaches of the galaxy to battle the Eleven Kings of Sol and save Mamoru before it's too late.
 After saving the world, the strongest hero Leo became someone who is not wanted in the peaceful human world. He was too strong. Exiled, he seeks a job at the Demon King's Army, which he had defeated and needs to be rebuilt.The Army had many problems
 A two-part new animation released with both Blu-ray/DVD boxes.
 A two-part new animation released with both Blu-ray/DVD boxes.
 Unaired episode that was released with volume 9 of the Light Novel.
 Yuyushiki Special